# Chapter 4 : Beauty Touches a Person’s Soul

Sun Kui said, “What do you know? If I can kill Plum Flower Bandit, not only do I get fame, but also many other great things.”

“What things?”

Sun Kui said, “After Plum Flower Bandit left thirty years ago, everyone thought he’s gone forever. Who would’ve believed that he would come back? In 8 months, he did another eighty-some cases, even raped the Head of Hua Shan sect’s daughter.”

Li Xun Huan said, “This person should be around seventy now. I didn’t expect him to be still so interested in girls.”

Sun Kui said, “After he re-appeared, everyone who has anything of value, any girl of beauty, became restless. That’s why more than ninety households have announced, whoever can kill the Plum Flower Bandit would receive part of all their ownings. One can imagine such a sum of money.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Which means this is no longer a secret.”

Sun Kui nodded. “In addition, the most beautiful woman in the martial world said she would marry whoever disposes of the Plum Flower Bandit.”

Li Xun Huan sighed. “Money and woman certainly moves people’s heart. No wonder you would give up your life to get into this mess. Even killing your own wife. Looks like its my turn to die now.”

Sun Kui said, “Speaking from my heart, I feel that you should not die. But I have to kill you.”

Li Xun Huan suddenly laughed. “Speaking from your heart, do you really think you can kill me?”

Sun Kui had already made his move, but he suddenly stopped upon hearing this. Staring at Li Xun Huan, then let out a flicker of a smile, saying, “For a person like you to live til today, it seems that you do not die easily. But now…”

Suddenly a sound came from the outside.

A person started to laugh. “Speaking from your heart, does he look like he’s been poisoned?

Sun Kui was shocked. He did not realize when a person in green clothes suddenly appeared in the front door. This person’s face looks pale and bland, as if he’s perhaps wearing a mask, or maybe not.

He put his hand behind his back, then walked in, saying, “If a person wants to put poison in an alcoholic’s wine, then that person must be able to do some really stupid things, do you think?”

This last sentence is aimed at Li Xun Huan. Li Xun Huan suddenly realized that this person’s eyes are very alluring, completely different from his face.

It’s like putting two pearls on a dead pig.

Li Xun Huan looked at this pair of eyes, then smiled. “Cheating while betting money with a gambler, Putting poison in the wine of an alcoholic, saying that another woman is pretty in front of your own wife- No matter who does any one of the three will live to regret it.”

The man in green said coldly, “Looks like when these people regret their decision, it’s too late.”

Sun Kui stared at them, then checked the wine bottle in a hurry.

Li Xun Huan smiled, “Don’t bother. The poison’s in there.”

“Then you…”

Li Xun Huan said, “Whether there’s poison in that wine, others might not know. But for a alcoholic like myself, the smell would give away the posion.

He continued, “This is also the good thing about drinking so much. Those who don’t drink would never know.”

“But I saw you drinking the wine!”

Li Xun Huan said, “I did drink it, but threw it all back out when I coughed.”

Sun Kui’s body shook, the wine bottle in his hand dropped to the ground.

The man in green said, “Looks like he already regret his decision, but it’s too late.”

Sun Kui yelled, then quickly attacked the man in green three times with his fists.

These twenty years, his kung fu not only did not get worse, it got better. This fist has both incredible power and speed.

Anyone can see that this fist can easily break someone’s skull.

It seems that the man in green not only did not have the time to defend, he doesn’t even have the time dodge the punch.

Who would’ve thought that he neither blocked nor dodged, but simply moved his hand.

He obviously moved after Sun Kui, yet for some reason, while Sun Kui’s fist did not reach his shirt, this person’s palm already hit Sun Kui’s face.

It seems as if this palm was very light, yet Sun Kui started to scream in pain, rolling on the floor.

By the time he got up again, half his face looks horrible, there’s purple in red, transparent in purple. Even one of his eye got knocked to the side.

The man in green said, “Speaking from the heart, I feel that you should not die. I didn’t intend on killing you, but my hands…”

Sun Kui’s half-face that did not get hit looks unusually normal. Yet the part where he got hit looks like dead meat. This picture is not pretty at all.

His remaining eye is filled with shock, looking at the man in green’s hand. “Your hand… your hand…”

The man in green has a pair of green iron gloves. Looks very ugly.

Sun Kui’s face shows that he has gave up hope. His voice weak, saying, “What did I do to deserve this? Why did I meet the Green Devil Hand. Li…Li Tan Hua. You’re a good person. I beg of you to kill me now.”

LI Xun Huan just sat there without moving, looking that the man in green’s hands. Then he kicked the broken spear to Sun Kui.

Sun Kui picked up the spear, saying, “Thank you. Thank you. I will never forget your gratitude even in death.”

He then used all his force to plunge the spear into his throat, black blood pouring out as he died.

Li Xun Huan looked up. “There are 7 major poisons in the martial world. The most poisonous is the Green Devil Hand. Looks like they’re not kidding.”

The man in green also looked at his hand, saying, “Everyone else say that people who get hit by this hand would rather die than to endure the pain. Looks like they didn’t exaggerate.”

Li Xun Huan’s eyes moved to his face, saying, “But you’re not the ‘Green Devil’ Yi Ku.”

The man in green said, “How do you know that? Do you know him?”

“Yes”

The man in green almost laughed. “I didn’t want to pretend to be him. I’m simply his…”

Li Xun Huan said, “Yi Ku doesn’t have a disciple.”

The man in green said, “Who said I’m his disciple? He’s not even worthy to be MY disciple.”

“Really?”

“You think I’m kidding?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I’m not interested in your past.”

The man in green’s eyes suddenly glowed, starring at Li Xun Huan. “What are you interested in then? Golden Thread Vest?”

Li Xun Huan did not respond. He just played with the little dagger in his hand.

The man in green also looked at this dagger, saying, “Everyone claims that your dagger never misses once thrown, are they exaggerating?”

Li Xun Huan replied, “A lot of people used to doubt this statement.”

“What about now?”

Li Xun Huan’s face seems to exhibit a hint of pride, saying, “Now those people are dead.”

The man in green thought for a second, then burst out laughing.

His laugh is so strange, as if its forced. Although he laughs loudly, his expression remains the same. “To tell the truth, I really want to try it too.”

Li Xun Huan said, “I don’t think you want to try.”

The man in green stopped laughing. Saying, “The vest is on that dead person, right?

“Yes.”

The man in green said, “So if I were to move that dead person, then…”

Li Xun Huan cut him off. “Then I’m afraid you would become a dead person too!”

The man in green laughed. “I’m not afraid of you. But I don’t have a habit of wanting to gamble. Nor do I like danger.”

Li Xun Huan said, “These are good habits.”

The man in green said, “But I have a way to make you hand over this vest.”

“Really?”

The man in green said, “You should realize, this ‘Green Devil Hand’ is made with rare metals, mixed with hundreds of poisons, then used seven years to forge. Can be said to be the most dominating weapon in the martial world.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Bai Xiao Sheng’s weapons list rank Green Devil Hand number nine. I can see why its so valuable.”

The man in green said, “So if I give you this glove, would you give me the vest?”

Li Xun Huan thought for a second. Then said, “My dagger is made by a regular blacksmith using 6 hours. Yet on Bai Xiao Sheng’s weapons list, it’s ranked number three!”

The man in green sighed. “You’re trying to say that weapons aren’t important. What’s important is the person holding the weapon, right?”

Li Xun Huan said, “You’re very smart.”

The man in green said, “So you won’t make the exchange.”

Li Xun Huan said, “If I wanted it, it would not be in your hands right now!”

The man in green thought a bit more, then took out a box. When he opened the box, a shiny short sword appeared.

The man in green said, “Precious sword is befitting of a hero. This ‘Fish Intestine Sword’[Don’t ask me why this nickname is suppose to be good] has no equal in the world. It should be good enough for you, right?”

Li Xun Huan asked, “Are you ‘Hidden Sword Palace’ Hidden Dragon Elder’s disciple?

“No.”

“Then where did this sword come from?”

The man in green said, “That old geezer’s dead. His son You Long Sheng gave it to me.”
Li Xun Huan said, “This sword is amazingly precious. ‘Hidden Sword Palace’ is only so famous only because of this sword. When the sword was stolen years ago, they spent an incredible amount of effort getting it back. How could You Long Sheng possibly give this away?”

The man in green said, “Forget the sword, even if I ask for his head, he’d bring it to me on a silver platter. Do you believe me?”

Li Xun Huan thought for a while, then said, “This sword’s value is way above that vest. Why make the trade?”

The man in green said, “I have a strange habit. The harder an item is for me to get, the more I want it.”

Li Xun Huan said, “You know, I also have this habit.”

The man in green said, “So will you make the trade?”

“No.”

The man in green said, “Why do you want the vest so much?”

Li Xun Huan said, “That’s none of your business.”

The man in green chuckled, “I heard that Little Li Tan Hua neither cared for fame nor fortune. Ten years ago he gave up fame, all his valuables, and retired. I never thought that this type of person would be this interested in this vest.”

Li Xun Huan said, “My reasons are probably similar to yours.”

The man in green looked at him, “You mean you want the most beautiful woman in the world?”

Li Xun Huan smiled. “Maybe.”

The man in green also smiled, saying, “I have long heard that you have never rejected beautiful woman nor great wine.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Unfortunately, you are not an incredible beauty.”

The man in green smiled. “How do you know I’m not?”

‘His’ laughter suddenly changed. Changed to a very sexy laugh.

During his laugh, he took off his gloves, revealing his hands.

Li Xun Huan has never seen a pair of hands so beautiful.

He’s been with countless beauties in his life. Even before he held a dagger and a wine cup, he’s already held many beauty’s hands.

However, all of those hands have at least some problems. Even the woman of his dreams, the woman he could never ever forget, also has flaws on her hand.

Yet the hands that appear before him are perfect in every way.

The man in green asked, “Do you think my hands are prettier than the Green Devil Hand?”

Her voice suddenly became that mesmerizing.

Li Xun Huan sighed, saying, “Even if you use this pair of hands to kill people, they would gladly die in your hands. Why bother with the Green Devil Hand?”

The man in green smiled so beautifully, saying, “Does my offer look more attractive now?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Still not good enough.”

The man in green chuckled, saying, “Men are always so greedy, especially powerful men. The more powerful they are, the greedier they get.”

Her body twisted slightly, and her outer clothing fell off.

Li Xun Huan poured a cup of the non-poisonous wine, then said, “One needs wine for watching beauty.”

The man in green asked, “You don’t think its enough, do you?”

Li Xun Huan answered, “Man tend to be quite greedy.”

Her body is that amazing. Making any man feel that he’s not worthy of this body.

She smiled as she took off her shoes.

Her feet are that pretty, making people’s hearts pound. If someone says that many men would be willing to die from stomping by these feet, no one would doubt him.

Then, she showed her long legs.

At this moment, Li Xun Huan almost stopped breathing.

The person in green said, “Is this enough yet?”

Li Xun Huan said while drinking, “If I say it’s enough now, then I must be an idiot.”

She then proceeded to take off the rest of her clothes.

No one would feel that such a beauty could exist. Yet this beauty is now willing to show Li Xun Huan everything.

The only thing left is her mask.

She looked at Li Xun Huan, saying, “Now should be enough, right?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Not yet. Just a bit more.”

She said, “You should know when to be satisfied.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Those easily satisfied usually miss out on a lot of good things.”

She asks, “Why must you see my face? Why not leave some things to the imagination? That might be more interesting.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Because I know that many women with great bodies have an ugly face.”

“Do you think I look ugly?”

“Maybe.”

She sighed, “Looks like you’ll never give up, but I still feel you still should not see my face.”

“Why?”

She said, “After I exchange the Golden Thread Vest with you, I’ll leave immediately. You’ll never see me again. I give you your most satisfying moment in your life, so this is a fair trade. Its best that we never see each other again.”

“That sounds logical.”

“But once you see my face, you’re never forget me. And I might not be nice to you again. Then you can only dream of me, frustrating yourself.”

Li Xun Huan smiled, “You’re pretty sure of yourself.”

She said, “Why shouldn’t I be so sure of myself?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Maybe I don’t want to make the deal.”

“You don’t?”

She finally raised her hand and took off the mask.

“Now do want to make the deal?”

Her face is just perfect. In addition to that body, absolutely no man on Earth can possibly resist her.

Li Xun Huan sighed. “No wonder Yi Ku would willingly give you the Green Devil Hand, that Yu Long Sheng would give you his family treasure. Now I believe you.”

This incredible beauty simply kept smiling, but did not speak.

Because she feels that she no longer needs to speak.

Her eyes can talk, her smile can talk, her hand, chest, legs, all can talk.

She knows that this is enough. If a man still doesn’t know her feelings, that person must be retarded.

So she just waited.

Yet Li Xun Huan still did not get up. Instead he just poured another cup of wine, saying, “Thanks. My eyes haven’t been this satisfied for quite a long time now.”

She bit her lips, saying, “I never thought a man like you needs wine to bring out courage.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Because I know that beautiful woman are not easy to satisfy.”

She then immediately threw herself into the arms of Li Xun Huan.

The wine cup fell to the ground, breaking apart.

One of his hand began to feel her back, yet the other is still holding that dagger, that small yet sharp dagger.

The young woman said in a soothing manner, “When a man is doing something like this, he should not be holding a knife.”

Li Xun Huan’s voice is also soothing. “When a man has a weapon, you should not be in his arms.”

That young woman laughed, “You mean you could possibly bring yourself to kill me?”

Li Xun Huan also laughed, “A young girl should never be so arrogant, nor should she take off all her clothes to seduce a man. She should instead wear her clothes tightly, waiting for the man to seduce her. Otherwise, the man would not feel satisfied.

His hand now raised his dagger, its tip on her throat now, a bit of blood came out, falling on her pure white chest, like a plum flower in a middle of a snowfield.

She’s fully shocked now, her soft body suddenly hard.

Li Xun Huan laughs, “Are you still that sure of yourself now? Do you still think I can’t possibly kill you now?”

The dagger’s tip continues to be on her neck.

Her lips shaking, unable to speak.

Li Xun Huan sighed, saying, “I hope you understand some things. One, men do not like to be passive. Two, you’re not as pretty as you think.”

The young woman bit her lips tightly, saying, “I give up. I beg of you to please remove your dagger now.”

Li Xun Huan said, “I want to ask you one more thing.”

“Go ahead.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Many man would give anything you want. That’s why you can’t possibly be interested in treasures. So why are you so intent on having this vest?”

The young woman said, “I told you earlier, the harder to get, the more I want it.”

Li Xun Huan thought for a moment, then said, “Even if I don’t take the dagger off your neck, do you think you can move your neck away from my dagger?”

That young woman immediately left his arms, like a cat suddenly hurt.

After a while, she smiled again, “I knew all along that you couldn’t bring yourself to kill me.”

“Really? Why?”

He’s still holding the dagger, saying, “If you don’t leave by the time I finish this sentence, I’ll kill you, do you believe me?”

The young woman stopped talking.

She picked up her cloths and dashed out.

Only to hear her scream in a loathing manner, “Li Xun Huan, you’re not a man, you’re not even a human being! You’re useless, no wonder your fiancee ran away with your best friend. Now I know why!”

Snow filled the land. Under the snowy light, the outside is beautiful. Yet this kitchen remains like a tomb, making people wish to leave immediately.

Yet Li Xun Huan still sat there quietly, very still.

His eyes filled with anguish and misery. That young woman’s words, are like needles, stabbing deeply into his heart.

My fiancee.. My best friend…

