# Chapter 9 : Another Encounter

The youngster heard Li Xun Huan’s words, gathered himself, then grinned, saying, “Interesting. Your words really are interesting. How can a coat have eyes?”

Li Xun Huan said with a smile, “If my coat didn’t have eyes, then how can it see your precious sword? How can I then dodge the sword attack from the back?”

The youngster’s face suddenly changed, his hands shaking.

Long Xiao4 Yun coughed twice, then laughed, “The two of you really know how to joke. Hidden Sword Mansion’s young master would certainly never care for such a sword, yet why do you care so much for your coat?”

Li Xun Huan said, “So this is young master You.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said with a smile, “Right. Not only is he the son of Hidden Dragon elder’s son, he’s also the Number One Sword Snow Eagle elder’s only disciple. In the future you two should be more acquainted.”

You Long Sheng’s eyes still kept staring at Li Xun Huan, saying coldly, “I don’t know if that’s possible. But this friend of yours, his name is…”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “So brother You doesn’t know this brother of mine. His last name is Li, called Li Xun Huan. In this world, I’m afraid only this brother of mine is worthy to be your friend.”

When he heard the name, You Long Sheng’s expression changed yet again, staring closely at Li Xun Huan’s dagger.

Yet Li Xun Huan didn’t even seem to notice their conversation. Instead he just kept thinking, “Another famous youngster…” Suddenly, someone came in, asking, “Who killed the person outside?”

This person’s quite muscular. His voice booming. His expression extremely serious. This person just happens to be the venerable Zhao Zheng Yi.

Li Xun Huan smiled, then said, “Other than I, who else could’ve done it?”

Zhao Zheng Yi’s eyes stared at Li Xun Huan like a sharp knife. Said loudly, “You? I should’ve known it was you. No matter where you go, you bring the odor of death.”

Li Xun Huan said, “So that person doesn’t deserve to die?”

Zhao Zheng Yi asked him, “Do you know who he is?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Unfortunately not the Plum Flower Bandit.”

Zhao Zheng Yi said, “If you knew he wasn’t the Plum Flower Bandit, then why did you still kill him?”

Li Xun Huan said in a calm voice, “Although I don’t want to kill him, I also don’t want him to kill me. No matter what, it’s still nicer to kill then to be killed.”

Zhao Zheng Yi said, “So he wanted to kill you first?”

“Yes”

Zhao Zheng Yi asked, “Why?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I wanted to know too. But when I asked, he ignored me.”

Zhao Zheng Yi asked, “Why didn’t you keep him alive?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I wanted to keep him alive. But alas once the dagger leaves my hand, I can no longer control my opponent’s life and death.”

Zhao Zheng Yi stomped his feet, saying, “If you went outside already, why did you come back?”

Li Xun Huan smiled, saying, “Because I really wanted to see you, venerable Zhao.”

Zhao Zheng Yi’s is now so angry his face became yellow. Pointing at Long Xiao4 Yun saying, “Very Good. This problem is caused by you great brother. No one else is responsible.”

Long Xiao Yun can only smile, saying, “Why the temper, big brother. Let’s just talk it out.”

Zhao Zheng Yi said, “What’s there to say? It’s already hard enough to deal with the Plum Flower Bandit. Now we have to deal with the Green Devil Yi Ku too.”

Li Xun Huan laughed coldly, saying, “That’s right, I did kill Yi Ku’s student Qiu Du. If he finds out he’ll certainly come to seek revenge. But he’s only going to look for me. Why would the venerable Zhao be so worried?”

Long Xiao4 Yun suddenly said, “Since Qiu Du came here after midnight, he obviously has some evil intentions. Brother, you didn’t wrongfully killed him. If it were me, I’d probably do the same thing.”

Before he can finish, Zhao Zheng Yi turned around to leave.

You Long Sheng suddenly smiled, saying, “The venerable Zhao really is old. Your temper keeps getting bigger and bigger, but your courage keeps getting smaller and smaller. Really, what’s wrong with Yi Ku coming? This way, at least I can see the world famous flying dagger in action.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Actually, if you want to see my dagger, you don’t have to wait til Yi Ku comes here.”

You Long Sheng’s face changed again, as if he wanted to say something. But when he saw Li Xun Huan’s dagger, he stopped. Then he also turned around and left too.

Long Xiao4 Yun wanted to go after him, but stopped. Shaking his head saying, “Even if you don’t like them and look down upon them, you should still not have angered them.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Who cares. They already think I’m beyond help. It doesn’t matter if I piss them off. In fact, it’s actually better to get them angry enough to leave, so I can be in peace.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “But it’s better to have more friends than less.”

Li Xun Huan said, “But how many people really can live up the word ‘friend’? Having a friend like big brother, one’s enough for any person.”

Long Xiao4 Yun laughed heartily, holding Li Xun Huan’s shoulders saying, “Brother, just to hear you say that, even if I anger every other friend, it’s still fine.”

Li Xun Huan suddenly felt a surge of warmth, but then started coughing again.

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “Your cough…”

It’s as if Li Xun Huan doesn’t want him to bring up this topic, so he immediately cut him off by saying, “Big brother. I just want to see a person right now.”

“Who?”

He raised his eyebrows, didn’t wait for Li Xun Huan to respond, then added, “Is it Lin Xian Er?”

Li Xun Huan smiled, saying, “Big brother really knows me well.”

Long Xiao4 Yun laughed out loud too. “I knew you just can’t wait to see her. If Li Xun Huan won’t even see the most beautiful woman in the world, then Li Xun Huan is not Li Xun Huan.”

Li Xun Huan just kept smiling, as if confirming this.

But what does he really think? Other than himself, probably no one else knows this.

Long Xiao4 Yun already grabbed his hand heading out, saying with a smile, “If you really came her looking for her, then you’ve come to the wrong place. After the events two nights ago, she had moved out of that room.”

“Oh?”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “The past two nights she stayed with Shi Yin. You can also take this opportunity to see Shi Yin too. She is a woman after all. You should try to go calm her a bit.”

He didn’t seem to notice the painful look on Li Xun Huan’s face, sighed and continued, “Actually, it’s not like she doesn’t know that what Yun Er does outside is horrible. She’s not really blaming you.”

Li Xun Huan forced a smile, saying, “But since we’re here, we might as go to the Cold Fragrance House. Maybe Ms. Lin came back.

Long Xiao4Yun said with a smile, “That’s fine too. Looks like if you don’t see her tonight, you won’t even be able to sleep.”

Li Xun Huan still kept smiling, not saying anything.

But there’s something in his eyes, something that shows that he has a secret.

There really isn’t anyone in the room.

As Li Xun Huan entered, he suddenly entered the memories of ten years ago.

This room had not changed all these years. Each table and chair, even the paper, brushes, ink, all remained in their original place.

If this were ten years ago, then maybe he had just accompanied Lin Shi Yin as she counted the plum flowers, maybe he came in to get a fur coat for her to wear, or maybe to write down some of their conversations, so he would never forget them.

But now that he think about it, he never could forget those memories. If he had known this earlier, he would’ve never bothered to write them down.

Snow is falling again.

Snowflakes fell lightly on the rooftops, gentle as a lover’s words.

Lin Xun Hun took deep breath, saying, “Ten years… Maybe even more than that. Sometimes you think time goes by too slowly. But once they’ve passed, then you begin to realize how quickly they pass.”

Long Xiao4 Yun laughed and said, “Do you remember the first day we came? It also seemed to be snowing on that day.”

Li Xun Huan said, “How… how can I forget.”

Long Xiao4 Yun laughed, “I remember that we must’ve drunk all the wine stored in your house that day. It’s also the only time I’ve ever seen you drunk, but won’t admit it. You even made a bet with me, saying you can write out “The Eight Qiu Xing” [probably a book of poems or something] without any mistake.”

He suddenly took out a brush from the table, saying, “I remember it was this brush you used.”

Li Xun Huan’s smile seem so artificial, yet he continue to smile. “I also remember that I won the bet.”

Long Xiao4 Yun responded, “But you didn’t know that ten years later, your brush would still be here, right?”

Li Xun Huan just smiled without talking, but a thought suddenly came to him. “The brush is still here, but isn’t someone else living here now?”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “You know, it’s quite strange. It’s almost as if Lin Xian Er knew you were coming back. Although she’s lived here for several years now, she never moved anything.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Actually, she didn’t have to.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said with a smile, “We also didn’t force her to do this, but she…”

Suddenly someone from outside yelled, “Fourth Master. Fourth Master Long!”

Long Xiao4 Yun opened the window, said with an irrate face, “I’m here. What’s the problem?”

His expression suddenly changed, then turned back and said, “Brother you…”

Li Xun Huan said, “I… I still want to remain here a bit longer. Is that a problem?”

Long Xiao Yun said with a smile, “Of course. These were yours anyway. Even if Lin Xian Er came back, she would only welcome you.”

He then quickly left. As he left the door, his smile disappeared.

Li Xun Huan sat on a wide chair with tiger skin covering it. This chair is even bigger than he remembered in his youth.

He remembered that when he was very little, he loved to climb to onto this chair and wet the ink for his dad. He just wished to be taller, so he can sit on this chair. At that time he had a strange thought. He was really afraid that chairs would be like people, get bigger as time passed.
Finally came the day when he could sit on the chair. He also figured out that the chair cannot grow bigger. Then he would privately feel bad for this chair.

But now, he only hope to be like this chair, never grow older, never have pain, but unfortunately, this chair remains the same, but he’s already an old man.

Old man… old man…

Suddenly he heard someone laughing gently while saying, “Who said you’re an old man?”

The person is still outside, but the laughter filled the room with warmth. Although her body had not came in yet, her voice carried Spring along with it. If her laughter is like this, one can imagine what her person’s like.

Li Xun Huan’s eyes suddenly lit up again, but he only stared at the door, not getting up, not saying a word.

Lin Xian Er finally came into the room.

The other people really weren’t kidding. She really is as beautiful as a goddess. If someone actually tried to describe her beauty, that person is doing her a huge injustice.

There’s not single part of her that isn’t arousing. But the most arousing part of her body are her eyes. No man on this Earth can possibly resist those eyes.

Looking at her eyes makes people feel like they’ve commit a crime.

Yet she also looks like the most gentle, the most heart-warming girl there ever is.

But no matter what she looks like, though, she can no longer erase Li Xun Huan’s image of her, because this isn’t the first time Li Xun Huan has seen her.

In the kitchen of that bar, Li Xun Huan has already felt her gentleness, her warmth. But Li Xun Huan still could not believe that the woman in front of him is the same mysterious beauty who wanted to exchange the Golden Thread Vest with him.

Because her look now is totally different from that day. If Li Xun Huan didn’t trust his eyes totally, then he would not believe that venomous, ****ty woman is the same one that’s smiling innocently and sweetly in front of him.

Li Xun Huan let out a sigh, then closed his eyes.

Tears began to roll in Lin Xian Er’s eyes. She said gently, “Why did you close your eyes? You don’t want to see me?”

Li Xun Huan chuckled, saying, “I just wanted to remember how you looked that day with your clothes off.”

Lin Xian Er’s face suddenly became red, then said, “I originally didn’t want you to recognize me, but I also know that it’s quite impossible.”

Li Xun Huan said, “If I really did forget you in such a short time, then wouldn’t you be disappointed?”

Li Xian Er still kept smiling, “But when you saw me you didn’t look shocked. Does this mean you knew who I was already?”

Li Xun Huan said, “This might be because not many woman can be considered a beauty in this world.”

Lin Xian Er said with a smile, “But it might also be because you saw Yi Ku’s disciple, remembered my Green Devil Hand, then saw You Long Sheng, remembered my Hidden Fish Sword, right?”

Li Xun Huan also smiled, saying, “I’m only curious to know, since you know I’m here, why do you still have the guts to come see me?”

Lin Xian Er sighed, then said, “An ugly daughter-in-law has to see her mother-in-law sooner or later. It’s unavoidable. So when Brother Long asked me to come, I immediately came.”

“Really? He told you to came here?”

Lin Xian Er laughed again, saying, “You mean you don’t understand his reasons? He has wanted us to get together for quite a while now. Maybe it’s because he has always felt that he owe you something. Robbed your…”

When she said this, she saw that Li Xun Huan’s face immediately became more sullen, because he knows what she was going to say. But when his expression changed, she also immediately stopped.

She never says things others don’t want to hear.

Yet Li Xun Huan seems to be waiting for her to finish. Only after a while did he say, “He doesn’t owe me anything. No one has ever owed me anything. Only I owe other people.”

Lin Xian Er stared at him, asking, “Who do you owe?”

Li Xun Huan replied coldly, “I owe way too many people. Too many to count.”

Lin Xian Er said gently, “No matter what you say, I still know that you’re not that kind of person.”

“You know what kind of person I am?”

“Of course I know. I’ve heard your stories ever since I was little. So when I found out this is where you used to live, I was so happy I couldn’t sleep.”

She turned around, saying, “Look. Everything in this room. Does it not look exactly as you left it ten years ago? Even that bottle of wine you hid on the bookshelf, I did not move. Do you know why?”

Li Xun Huan only stared at her coldly.

Lin Xian Er chuckled. “Of course you don’t know. But I can tell you, because only this way can I feel like this is your room. Sometimes I would imagine you still in this room, sitting in this chair, talking with me quietly.”

She then continued in a softer voice, “Sometimes I would wake up in the middle of the night, thinking you’re by my side. On that bed, on that pillow.”

Li Xun Huan suddenly smiled, saying, “Other than me, there are probably other people there too, right?”

Lin Xian Er bit her lips, asking, “You really think I let other people in here?”

Li Xun Huan said, “This is your room. You can let anyone you want in here.”

Lin Xian Er said, “You really think those like You Long Sheng and Qiu Du had been here, right?”

Her eyes are already red, continuing, “I’ll tell you. They have never ever walked into this room. That’s why they had to wait in the forest. If I let them come in, then maybe Qiu Du and Qin Zhong would not have died.”

“If that’s the case, then why don’t you let them come in?”

Lin Xian Er again bit her lips as she said, “Because this is your room. I must… help you preserve the…”

She doesn’t seem to know how to continue.

Li Xun Huan smiled, finishing the sentence for her, “scent?”

Lin Xian Er’s whole face became red, saying, “Do you understand me yet?”

Li Xun Huan said with a smile, “But it’s only now that I know I actually had a particular scent. So what is it? Sweet? Horrible?”

Lin Xian Er lowered her head, saying, “I didn’t say these things to you so you can ridicule me.”

“Then why?”

“You mean you still don’t know?”

Li Xun Huan laughed, saying, “If that’s the case, even without someone helping, I already have a really good chance with you.”

Lin Xian Er said, “If I didn’t already… already feel… then that day why would I…”

She only said half of each sentence, but sometimes saying half a sentence is much more effective than saying the whole sentence. Plus it’s much more interesting.

Li Xun Huan said, “So you did that because you liked me. And I thought you did it for the vest.”

Lin Xian Er said, “Of course I also wanted the vest. But if the person wasn’t you, then why would I…would I…”

Li Xun Huan laughed, saying, “So you wanted both.”

Lin Xian Er said, “You must be wondering, why would I want the Golden Thread Vest, right?”

Lin Xun Huan said, “Frankly, I really am curious.”

Lin Xian Er said, “That’s because I want to kill the Plum Flower Bandit myself!”

“Huh?”

“You must know. I said that I would marry the one who kills the Plum Flower Bandit. Although I said it, I still didn’t like it.”

Li Xun Huan said, “You want to kill the Plum Flower Bandit so you can marry yourself?”

Lin Xian Er said, “I only do this because I really don’t want to marry. So if I killed the bandit myself, I won’t have to marry.”

She suddenly looked up at Li Xun Huan, saying, “Because no man on this Earth is worth me marrying.”

Li Xun Huan’s eyes also looked at her, asking, “What about me?”

Lin Xian Er’s face became really red, saying, “You’re obviously different.”

“Why?”

Lin Xian Er said quietly, “Because you’re different from other men. Those man are like dogs. No matter how I treat them, they would still follow me. Only you…”

Li Xun Huan smiled a bit, saying, “Then why don’t you just leave the Golden Thread Vest with me? If I kill the Plum Flower Bandit, then you can marry me. Isn’t that what you wanted?”

Lin Xian Er hesitated a bit, then smiled again, saying, “This is actually a good idea. Why didn’t I think of it?”

Li Xun Huan’s eyes flickered, grinning while saying, “Who else other than myself can come up with an idea as ingenious as this one.”

Lin Xian Er seemingly did not understand the meaning of Li Xun Huan’s words, instead held his hand, saying, “I know the Plum Flower Bandit will appear the next night or two. Tomorrow I’ll wait for him here.”

Li Xun Huan said, “You want me to come too, right?”

Lin Xian Er said, “you can use me as bait, getting him to appear. You have the vest anyway, so even if you can’t kill him, you’re at least safe. If you were to capture him…” She suddenly lowered her head again, those eyes staring quietly at Li Xun Huan. Although she spoke no words, those eyes explained her feelings perfectly.

Li Xun Huan’s eyes also brightened, said with a smile, “Sure. I’ll certainly come tomorrow night. If I don’t come, then…”

Lin Xian Er pulled her hands off of Li Xun Huan, but she then drew a circle on his hand’s back, as if to circle around Li Xun Huan’s heart.

Li Xun Huan suddenly laughed again, saying, “Looks like you’ve learned to behave now.”

Lin Xian Er said with a red face, “I’ve always behaved.”

Li Xun Huan said, “You finally learned for the man to make the first move.”

But Lin Xian Er suddenly became nervous, saying, “But you… you won’t now… right?”

Li Xun Huan looked at her. His eyes still that cold, but his mouth already showed a not-so-cold smile, saying, “How do you know I won’t?”

Lin Xian Er chuckled, saying, “Because you’re a true gentleman, right?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I’ve only been a true gentleman once in my life. Then I regretted my decision for three whole days.

As Lin Xian Er’s laughing, she seems to show a wish to escape.

But Li Xun Huan then immediately pulled on her arms, then said with a smile, “So not only have you learned for the man to make the first move, you also learned to escape.”

Lin Xian Er responded, “But this is how you taught me. This is how you taught me to seduce you, right?

