# Chapter 12 : Both are Heart-Broken People

Although it’s still noon, the sky is as cloudy as dusk.

Ah Fei walked calmly, just as the way he walked when Tie Chuan Jia first saw him. Still so lonely, so worn out.

But now Tie Chuan Jia knows. If there was danger, this youngster would immediately become alert. Walking besides him, Tie Chuan Jia wanted to say so many things, but doesn’t know where to start. Li Xun Huan never talked much. And being with Li Xun Huan for so many years, he knows how to use silence to replace words. He only said two words, “Thank you.”

He immediately realized that even these two words aren’t necessary. Because Ah Fei and Li Xun Huan are the same. One never has to use the words ‘Thank you’ in front of them.

There’s a pavilion here. Ah Fei walked over to it, then suddenly asked, “Why didn’t you tell them the truth?”

Tie Chuan Jia thought for a long time, then sighed, “There are some things I would rather die than say.”

Ah Fei said, “You really are a great friend, but you’re wrong about one thing.”

“What’s that?”

Ah Fei said, “You think that since life is your own’s, you have the right to die!”

“So am I wrong?”

Ah Fei said, “Of course it’s wrong.”

He suddenly turned around, staring at Tie Chuan Jia, then said, “When someone is born, it’s not to die.”

Tie Chuan Jia said, “You’re right. If it weren’t for dire circumstances…”

Ah Fei said, “Even if you must die, you still have to do anything you can to live.”

He continued to stare at Tie Chuan Jia, said crisply, “God has done much for you. What have you done for him?”

“Nothing.”

“In order to raise you, your mother and father must have given so much. What have you done for them?”

Tie Chuan Jia can only lower his head.

Ah Fei said, “You know that some things can never be spoken. If you say it, then you’ll be betraying a friend. But if you simply die like this, aren’t you betraying your parents, betraying God?”

Tie Chuan Just stared into the sky, then said, “I was wrong. I was wrong…”

He looks as if he suddenly made a big decision. “I didn’t want to say it, because…”

Ah Fei cut him off, “I trust you. You don’t have to explain.”

Tie Chuan Jia could not help asking, “But how can you be sure that I did not do what they claimed?”

Ah Fei said, “I just know.”

His eyes very bright, filled with confidence. Then he continued, “This might be because I grew up in the wild. So like beasts, I have a knack for distinguishing between good and evil.”

In Li Xun Huan’s mind, if there’s one thing worse than not being able to drink, it’s to drink with annoying people.

He feels that of the people here, all are extremely annoying. Comparatively speaking, You Long Sheng is actually the best of the bunch. At least he doesn’t kiss up to others.

So all he can do is pretend to be sick.

Long Xiao4 Yun knows his temper, so he did not say anything. Therefore, Li Xun Huan simply lied on his bed, waiting for night to fall.

He knows that lots of interesting things will happen tonight.

When he thought of the date with Lin Xin Er tonight, his eyes brightened. But when he thought of Tie Chuan Jia, he became gloomy again.

It’s finally dark.

Just as Li Xun Huan got up, he heard light footsteps in the snow outside. So he immediately lied back down again.

Just at this moment, the footsteps have reached the window.

Li Xun Huan did not do anything. He didn’t ask who it is. Since the person was afraid to come in, he can’t be Long Xiao4 Yun. Long Xiao4 Yun would never pace outside the room.

So who could it be?

Shi Yin?

All the blood in his body shot up to his head. He couldn’t help but shiver. But then the person outside lightly coughed.

“Is brother Li already asleep?”

This is the voice of You Long Sheng. Li Xun Huan let out a sigh of relief. He doesn’t know whether to be happy or sad.

You Long Sheng came in and sat down. His eyes never looking once at Li Xun Huan. Li Xun Huan lit up the candle, and suddenly saw that the youngster’s face is pale.

Li Xun Huan asked with a smile, “Do you want tea, or wine?”

You Long Sheng said, “Wine.”

Li Xun Huan smiled. “Good. I never keep tea in my room.”

You Long Sheng immediately drank three cups. Then asked, “Do you know why I’m drinking wine?”

Li Xun Huan said, “You probably don’t have any to be sad about, so could it be to gain courage?”

You Long Sheng stared at him. Then suddenly burst out laughing.

At this moment, he pulled out the sword on his waist.

He suddenly stopped laughing. Then asked, “Do you recognize this sword?”

Li Xun Huan lightly touched the side of the sword, then said, “Excellent sword!”

You Long Sheng’s eyes flickered. “Since brother Li is also a sword expert, I’m sure you know that this sword is one of the most famous in the world.”

He looked at the sword and said, “This is the ‘Love Snatching Sword’ used by the famous Di Wu Zi 300 years ago. But I’m sure brother Li has not heard of the story behind it, right?”

“Please do tell.”

“Di Wu Zi was madly in love with his sword, so he did not fall in love with a woman until he’s middle-aged. They planned on getting married. But a few days before the wedding, he found his fiancee and his good friend ‘Sabre God’ Peng Qiong meet secretly. In his anger, he killed Peng Qiong with this sword. Then the sword became his sole companion, for he no longer cared for marriage.”

He looked at Li Xun Huan. “You might think that this is a simple, straightforward, boring story. However, it is true story.”

Li Xun Huan smiled, then said, “I just feel that while this Di Wu Zi is an excellent swordsman, he’s a bit narrow-minded. Why would a true man jeopardize friendship over a woman?”

You Long Sheng also smiled, then said, “Yet I seem to feel that he is a true man. Only a true man will fall so deeply in love.”

Li Xun Huan chuckled. “I’m thinking you want to emulate Di Wu Zi from 300 years ago, right?”

You Long Sheng stared at Li Xun Huan with icy cold eyes, then said coldly, “This depends on whether brother Li wants to emulate ‘Sabre God’ Peng Qiong from 300 years ago!”

Li Xun Huan sighed. “You know, the moon is very beautiful tonight. Why would you disrupt such a nice scenery with such words?”

You Long Sheng said, “In that case, I take it you’ll definitely go there tonight!”

Li Xun Huan said, “If I leave a girl like Ms. Lin to watch the moon alone tonight, I’d feel like a criminal.”

You Long Sheng’s pale face suddenly turned red. His anger readily apparent. The sword turned, aiming at the side of Li Xun Huan’s neck.

Yet Li Xun Huan still kept his smile. “With your swordsmanship, you’re not quite good enough to emulate Di Wu Zi.”

You Long Sheng said angrily, “I don’t even need to use my full abilites to kill you.”

Even as they speak You Long Sheng has attacked ten times.

Only to hear the sound of sword splitting the wind, quick and loud. The wine cups on the table have all been shattered the wind generated by the sword. Wine spilled all over the floor. Although his each sword stroke faster than the last, Li Xun Huan just seemingly stood there. As if nothing’s happening. Every single stroke missed.

You Long Sheng bit his teeth. His strokes made with more and more urgency.

He saw that Li Xun Huan’s hands are empty. So each sword stroke was made to keep Li Xun Huan from using his dagger.

Yet Li Xun Huan doesn’t seem to any intention of using his dagger, instead waited for this set of attacks to end. Then he suddenly smiled, said, “For someone your age, your sword skills are amazing. However, for someone with a father and a teacher like you, if you were to travel around, your teacher and father’s reputations would be shattered.”

Incredibly enough, he still talks freely even while under a barrage of attacks. You Long Sheng became more and more impatient and angry. Yet for some reason, his strokes always miss Li Xun Huan’s clothes.

When he tried to attack Li Xun Huan’s throat, Li Xun Huan would twist his body left. When he tried to change his aim to the left, he’d find that Li Xun Huan did not really move.
So although all his attacks are some of the most deadly in the world, they could still not harm Li Xun Huan.

You Long Sheng bit his teeth tightly, his next stroke aimed directly at Li Xun Huan’s chest. Thinking, “No matter what you do this time, I would not fall for your tricks anymore.”

After getting tricked by Li Xun Huan so many times, he determined that he will not change the direction of his attack anymore.

Only to see Li Xun Huan’s left shoulder moved slightly, twisting his body to the right. This time he really did move! You Long Sheng missed again.

At this moment, Li Xun Huan flicked his fingers at the side of the sword.

You Long Sheng suddenly felt a powerful vibration. His whole body instantly became paralyzed, unable to control his sword. The sword then suddenly shot out of his hand, out the window, and into the woods.

Li Xun Huan’s still just standing there. His feet hasn’t moved an inch all this time.

You Long felt all his blood rushing to his head, then all dropped back down to his feet. His whole body became cold. Li Xun Huan tapped his shoulder with a smile, then said, “Your sword is very precious. You should go get it.”

You Long Sheng stomped his feet. Then turned around and rushed out. But suddenly stopped. He said, “If… if you have guts, wait a year. A year later I’ll come to seek my revenge.”

Li Xun Huan said, “A year? I’m afraid a year won’t be enough.”

He then added, “You have nice potential. Your swordsmanship is also pretty good. The problem is your temper. You’re too impatient and proud. So when you meet a foe stronger than you, you immediately fall apart. Actually, if you had patience today, it’s quite possible for you to injure me.” You Long Sheng’s eyes immediately brightened, but before he can say anything, Li Xun Huan continued, “But patience is something easier said than done. So if you want to beat me, you need at least seven years!”

Li Xun Huan then said with a smile, “You can go now. Go practice for seven years and then come to seek your revenge. Seven years is not a long time.”

The night resumed its peacefulness.

Li Xun Huan looked at the night sky through the window, stood there quietly for a long time. Then said into the distance, “Youngster, you shouldn’t hate me. Actually, I’m trying to save you. If you stay with Lin Xian Er, she’ll ruin your life.”

He brushed off the dust on his clothes, then walked out the room.

He knows that Lin Xian Er is waiting for him, and that she also prepared another trick. He’s quite intrigued as to what she has in mind.

When You Long Sheng left, he’s no longer that proud, that cold. He told Li Xun Huan, “If you really like Lin Xian Er, you’ll regret it. She’s already mine. We’ve already had…had… Why would you wear my old shoes?”

Yet Li Xun Huan just smiled. “Old shoes are always more comfortable than new ones.”

When he thought of You Long Sheng’s expression as he left, he felt very sympathetic, yet also kind of funny. But is Lin Xian Er really that kind of a girl?

As he walked out the door, he suddenly saw light coming from the forest.

Two servants came, each with a lantern, and are whispering to each other, and secretly laughing. Yet when they saw Li Xun Huan, they stopped whispering and laughing.

Yet Li Xun Huan instead started to chuckle, he asked, “Did Ms. Lin ask you to come get me?”

The servant on the left is a bit older and taller. She said, “Actually, it’s our Lady who wants to meet Mr. Li.”

Li Xun Huan shockingly said, “Lady?”

He then asked nervously, “Which lady?”

The younger servant could not help but chuckle. “There’s only one Lady in this house.”

Li Xun Huan’s body is still there, but his mind has already wondered outside the forest. Flew into that little building…

Ten years ago, he constantly went there. He remembers that the table there always has his favorite food.

As Li Xun Huan walk hastily, he’s back at this little building again.

The light upstairs is very pleasant. The same as it was ten years ago. Even the snow on the ceiling are just as lovely as they were ten years ago.

However, ten years still passed…

It’s ten years that can never be taken back.

Li Xun Huan just couldn’t get up his courage to go up the stairs.

Yet he has to go.

No matter why she asked him to come, he has no reason to reject her.

He froze immediately upon reaching the top of the stairs.

Ten long years, all seemed to have disappeared at this very instant. It’s as if he just traveled back to ten years ago. His heart started pounding, like a youngster with his first love. The warmness of ten years ago… The dreams of ten years ago…

Li Xun Huan wouldn’t dare to keep on thinking. To do so would be betraying Long Xiao4 Yun, as well as himself. He wanted to run away.

But at this time, he heard someone say from behind the curtain, “Please sit down.”

The voice is just as beautiful as it was ten years ago. Yet now it’s so distant, so cold. If it weren’t for those familiar dishes on the table, he almost wouldn’t believe that he’s meeting a close friend.

He can only sit down and say, “Thank you.”

Then a person came out from the back room.

Li Xun Huan almost stopped breathing. The person coming out is only a child. He’s still wearing the same red clothes, yet his face as white as a sheet of paper.

The voice from behind the curtain said, “Don’t forget what mom just told you. Go pour a cup of wine for your uncle Li.”

The red child said, “Yes.”

Li Xun Huan doesn’t know what do think or say. Even though he did nothing wrong, he could still not help but feel like a criminal in front of this child.

Shi Yin, Shi Yin. Is the purpose of your invitation to torture me?

How could he possibly drink this wine? Yet how could he not drink it?”

The red child said, “Although your nephew can no longer practice kung fu anymore, a true man cannot live under his parents his whole life. So I hope uncle Li can teach me some defense skills. So your nephew will not be bullied later in his life.”

Li Xun Huan sighed inside, then took out his hand. The hand has a small dagger on it.

Lin Shi Yin said from behind the curtain, “Your uncle has never taught anyone his dagger skills. If you learn it, you won’t have to worry about others bullying you. Go thank your uncle Li.”

The red child really did kneel on the ground, said, “Thank you uncle Li.”

Li Xun Huan smiled, but he thought, “Nothing beats the love a mother has for her child. Yet I wonder how a child treats his mother?”

The servant has taken away the child, yet Lin Shi Yin is still behind the curtain. She would not let Li Xun Huan leave.

Li Xun Huan has always been a very confident person. Yet for some strange reason, he could only sit there like an idiot.

The night becomes even darker.

Is Lin Xian Er still waiting for him?

Lin Shi Yin suddenly asked, “Do you have something you need to do?”

Li Xun Huan replied, “N…no.”

Lin Shi Yin paused for a second, then said, “You must’ve seen Xian Er already.”

Li Xun Huan said, “One or two times.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “She’s a poor child. She grew up in a bad environment. If you’ve seen her dad, you’d know what I mean.”

“I know.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “One year I went to the ‘Sacrifice Cliff’ to pray, I saw her about to jump down the cliffs. So I saved her… Do you know why she wanted to jump off the cliff?”

Li Xun Huan replied, “No.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “Because of her father’s illness.”

Li Xun Huan could only sit there.

Lin Shi Yin continued, “Not only is she very smart and pretty, she’s also very proud. She knows that she’s from a poor family, and need to rely on others for many things. She’s always afraid that others would look down on her.”

Li Xun Huan said, “I’m thinking no one would look down upon her today, right?”

Lin Shi Yin said, “This is due to her perseverance over the years. Unfortunately, she’s still too young, her heart’s too soft. I’m always afraid that she would fall for other people’s tricks.”

Li Xun Huan laughed bitterly. “If others won’t fall for her tricks, I’d be happy.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “I just want her to find a good husband, and not get duped without knowing what’s going on. Then live in pain for the rest of her life.”

Li Xun Huan thought for a second, then asked, “Why are you saying this to me?”

Lin Shi Yin thought for a second, then said, “Why am I saying this to you, you don’t know?”

He did indeed figured it all out.

The reason Lin Shi Yin kept him here is to prevent his meeting with Lin Xian Er. Obviously, You Long Sheng told her this.

Lin Shi Yin said, “No matter what, we’re old friends. I want to ask you a favor.”

Li Xun Huan’s heart felt cold, yet he still smiled. “You don’t want me to go see Lin Xian Er.”

“Correct.”

Li Xun Huan took a deep breath, then said, “You… you think I like her?”

Lin Shi Yin said, “I don’t care how you feel about her. Just do me this favor.”

Li Xun Huan finished the whole cup of wine in front of him in one gulp, then said, “You’re right. I’m an useless wanderer. If I were to see her, I’d be hurting her…”

