# Chapter 17 : True Nature Revealed

After Long Xiao Yun heard these words, he lowered his head for a long time “Tomorrow… tomorrow you’ll be leaving. I…”

Li Xun Huan said, “Don’t even think about sending me off. I never like to send others off and don’t want others to do the same for me. When I see people’s expressions on such occasions, I just want to vomit.”

He chuckled. “Besides, I’m not going very far. Maybe I’ll be back in a few days.”

Long Xiao4 Yun also looked energetic again. “You’re right. When you come back, I’ll definitely welcome you. Then we can get drunk together.”

Suddenly someone said, “You know perfectly well that he’ll never come back after leaving, why do you still lie to yourself?”

Lin Shi Yin came in. Her beautiful face looking very frail.

Li Xun Huan’s heart felt a deep pain. Yet he just kept smiling. “Why won’t I be back? This is the place of all my best friends. I…”

Lin Shi Yin didn’t let him finish. She just said coldly, “Who’s your friend? You have absolutely no friends here.”

She suddenly pointed at Long Xiao4 Yun. “You think he’s your friend? If he’s your friend, then he should release you this instant.”

Long Xiao Yun said, “But he..”

Lin Shi Yin said, “He’s not leaving because he doesn’t want you in trouble. But why don’t you release him? He can decide whether to escape or not. But you’re the one who decides to release him or not.”

She didn’t wait for Long Xiao4 Yun to respond, turned around, and left.

Long Xiao4 Yun stood up and said, “No matter what you want to do, I still should release you.”

Li Xun Huan started laughing.

Long Xiao4 Yun looked bewildered. “Wh..why are you laughing?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Since when did you start taking orders from a woman? The Long Xiao4 Yun I remember is a true man. Not a poor guy afraid of his wife.”

Long Xiao4 Yun clenched his fists. Tears came out of his eyes. “Brother, you… you’re so good to me. It’s not that I don’t know what you’re thinking. It’s just that how… how can I ever repay you?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I just happen to need a favor from you.”

“What do you need? Not matter what you ask, I’ll do as you say.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Remember that youngster Ah Fei from last night?”

“Of course.”

Li Xun Huan said, “If he ends up in some trouble, please take care of him.”

Long Xiao Yun sighed. “Even under this situation, you’re still looking out for others. Have you ever thought for yourself?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Just tell me if you’ll do it or not.”

“Of course I’ll fulfill your request. Except I might never get to see him.”

Li Xun Huan became shocked. “Why? Could it be that…”

Long Xiao4 Yun did his best to smile. “You saw him leave yesterday. Why would he come back?”

Li Xun Huan sighed. “I also wish that he’d never come back, except I know he will.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “If he come to save you, then why is he not here yet?”

He took a deep breath. “Brother. I know you care about friends more than anything else in the world, but others aren’t all like you.”

Li Xun Huan tried to smile. “It’s his decision what he wants to do. I just wish big brother to remember that he’s my best friend when you see him.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “Your friend is my friend.”

Suddenly someone outside yelled, “Fourth Master Long… Fourth Master Long.”

Long Xiao Yun stood up, then sat back down again. “Brother, you…”

Li Xun Huan said with a smile, “I don’t need to drink anymore, just go. And don’t forget not to send me off tomorrow.”

Long Xiao4 Yun walked to the door and saw Tian Qi standing under a tree. He quickly walked over and asked quietly, “Did you get him?”

Tian Qi said, “No.”

“What? All those people you sent, plus Reverend Xin Mei and Mr. Iron Flute… couldn’t even take care of a kid?”

Tian Qi said, “But this kid really is unbelievable. Even a bit scary. Not only did he injure Brother Zhao, he also injured Mr. Iron Flute.”

Long Xiao4 Yun stomped his feet. “I knew that this kid is not easy to deal with. But you said Mr. Iron Flute can deal with him.”

Tian Qi said, “Even though he escaped, he did get injured by Xin Mei’s palm.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “In that case, he shouldn’t have escaped very far. Why don’t you chase after him?”

Tian Qi said, “The Shaolin monks are already doing this. I’ll tell you when I get the good news.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “I’ll go take a look. You get someone to guard here.”

There’s a fake mountain behind the tree.

Just as the two of them left, a person appeared from behind the mountain. Her beautiful eyes full of shock and disbelief, and also pain and hate.

Her whole body kept shaking, tears filled her face.

Lin Shi Yin’s heart broke into pieces. Then, as if she made an important decision, she began to walk over to Li Xun Huan’s room.

The she hear several footsteps. Lin Shi Yin immediately hid behind the fake mountain again.

Tian Qi led eight man here and said, “Guard him. Don’t let anyone in the room, whoever goes in dies.”

He’s in a hurry to capture Ah Fei. So even before he finish talking, he already left.

Lin Shi Yin bit her lips. So hard blood came out.

She hate herself for always not caring about martial arts, never really practice it.

Now she understood that there are certain things that only fighting can solve.

She can’t figure out any way to enter that room.

Suddenly she heard something. The person’s footsteps aren’t methodical, but very fast.

Lin Shi Yin realized that this Mr. Iron Flute.

She heard Mr. Iron Flute say loudly, “Is that Li guy in this room?”

A guard said, “We’re not sure.”

Mr. Iron Flute said, “Fine. Let me go in and check.”

That guard said, “Master Tian said no one can go in.”

Mr. Iron Flute said, “Tian Qi? Who cares about him? Do you know who I am?”

That guard looked at his blood-covered body. “No one can go in.”

Mr. Iron Flute said, “Very well.”

He raised his hands a bit. The needles shot out.

Li Xun Huan closed his eyes, as if he’s asleep.

Suddenly he heard shrieks of pain. The sound was not loud, and quite short.

He raised his eyebrows. “Is someone trying to save me?”

Then he saw a man carrying an iron flute walking into the room. His face full of murderous intent.

Li Xun Huan’s eyes rested on his iron flute. “Mr. Iron Flute.”

Mr. Iron Flute looked at his face. “Someone sealed your pressure points?”

Li Xun Huan smiled. “You know that if there’s wine in front of me and I’m not drinking, then I must not be able to move.”

Mr. Iron Flute said, “If you can’t move, then I really shouldn’t kill you. But I must kill you.”

“Huh?’

Mr. Iron Flute stared at him. “You’re not going to ask why?”
Li Xun Huan chuckled. “If I asked, then you’ll probably get say it and get mad. If I then try to explain, you won’t believe me, and still would kill me. So why bother talking at all?”

Mr. Iron Flute suddenly looked incredibly sad. “Ru Yi, you really died a horrible death. But now at least I have avenged you.

He raised his iron flute.

Li Xun Huan sighed. “Ru Yi, when you see me you’ll definitely be shocked. Because even though you don’t know me, I know you…”

Suddenly, Lin Shi Yin walked into the room. “Hold on, I have something to say.”

Mr. Iron Flute turned around in shock. “Mistress? I suggest you don’t interfere with me. No one can interfere.”

Lin Shi Yin’s face turned green. “I don’t want to prevent you from doing anything. But this is my house. If someone is to be killed I should be the one to do it.”

“But why do you want to kill him?”

Lin Shi Yin said, “I have more reasons to kill him than you. You want to kill him to revenge your wife. But I’m doing it for my son. I only have one son.”

Her point was obvious. You don’t just have one wife.

Mr. Iron Flute thought for a long time. “Fine, you go first.”

He’s confident that his iron flute needles are quick as lightning. So even if she goes first, he can still kill him before she does. But as Lin Shi Yin walked past him, she suddenly turned around and attacked.

Although Lin Shi Yin’s martial arts is fairly low. She’s still not weakling. For this palm she used all her strength. Plus Mr. Iron Flute did not expect it at all, so her attack worked.

Due to his old injuries which got reopened, his whole body shook, blood came out, and he fainted.

Lin Shi Yin became startled, and almost faint herself.

Li Xun Huan knows that she has never so much as stepped on an ant before! Now seeing her hurt someone, he doesn’t know whether to be sad or happy. But he suppressed those emotions and instead simply said, “Why the hell are you here again?”

Lin Shi Yin took a few deep breaths before she could stop shaking. “I’m here to let you go.”

Li Xun Huan sighed. “Have I not made myself clear enough? I’m not going.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “I know you won’t leave because of Long Xiao4 Yun. But you don’t know that he…he..”

She started to shake again, even worse than last time. She clenched her fists, her nails cutting through her skin. With all her power, she said, “He already betrayed you. They were all in it together.”

After she said this, she lose all energy. If it weren’t for a chair there, she probably would’ve fallen. She thought Li Xun Huan must be shocked by these words.

Yet Li Xun Huan didn’t change his expression at all. Not even a tiny bit. Instead he chuckled. “It must be some sort of misunderstanding. How could he betray me?”

Lin Shi Yin used all her energy to hold the table. The items on the table all shook.

She said, “I saw this with my own eyes, heard this with my own ears.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Your eyes and ears are mistaken then.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “So you don’t believe me?”

Li Xun Huan said gently, “You’ve been too tired these couple of days. So it’s not a big deal that you’d be deluded. Go take a nap. By this time tomorrow, you’ll realize that your husband’s a good man.”

Lin Shi Yin looked at him. Her mind lost. After a long time, she suddenly fell onto the table and started to cry.

Li Xun Huan closed his eyes. He couldn’t bare to look at her. His voice trembling, “Why do you…”

Before he could finish, he coughed up some blood.

Lin Shi Yin finally could no longer control herself. Ten years of suppressed emotions all bursted out at this moment.

She rushed towards Li Xun Huan. “If you don’t go, I’ll die in front of you!”

Li Xun Huan bit down hard on his teeth. He said slowly. “What does your death have to do with me?”

Lin Shi Yin looked up at him, staring. Her voice weak. “You… You… You…”

Every time she spoke, she stepped back a bit. Suddenly, she felt as if she just fell into someone.

Long Xiao4 Yun’s face looks heavy as iron.

He tightly wrapped his hands around her waist. As if afraid that should he release her, she’d disappear from his life forever.

Lin Shi Yin saw his hands. Regaining her senses, she said coldly, “Release your hands. And please remember to never ever touch me again.”

He finally released his hands, looking at her. “So you know everything?”

Lin Shi Yin said coldly, “There’s no everlasting secret in this world.”

“You.. You already told him?”

Li Xun Huan suddenly smiled. “Actually, she didn’t need to tell me. I already knew everything.”

Long Xiao4 Yun originally couldn’t face him. Only now did he raise his head. “You knew?”

“Yes.”

“When?’

Li Xun Huan sighed. “When you held my hand, and allowed Tian Qi to seal my pressure points. But… even though I knew it was you, I don’t blame you.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “If you knew, why didn’t you say it?”

“Why do I need to say it?”

Lin Shi Yin looked at Li Xun Huan. “You didn’t say it because of me, right?”

Li Xun Huan raised his eyebrows. “Because of you?”

Lin Shi Yin said, “You don’t want to hurt me, or break up this family. Because this family was your..”

She couldn’t finish. Tears filled her face.

Li Xun Huan suddenly burst out laughing. “Why do women always think everything revolves around them? I didn’t it say it because it’s pointless. I didn’t leave because I knew they won’t let me.”

Lin Shi Yin said, “It doesn’t matter what you say now. Because I already know…”

Li Xun Huan said, “What do you know? Do you know why he did that? He was afraid that I’d break up your family. That’s why he did what he did! Because he views his family as being more important than anything else in the world. He feels that you are the most important person in his life.”

Lin Shi Yin stared at him, then also suddenly burst out laughing. “He ruined you, yet still help him? Great. You really are a great friend. But don’t you realize that I’m also a person? How could you do this to me?”

Li Xun Huan began to cough endlessly, coughing up blood everywhere.

Long Xiao4 Yun lost all his control and started to yell. “I was originally the head of this family. But once you came, I feel like a guest. I had a great son. But when you came, he became crippled.”

Li Xun Huan sighed. “You’re right. I really shouldn’t have come.”

Lin Shi Yin closed her eyes. Tears covered all parts of her face. “If you thought of me for even one instant, you shouldn’t have done this.”

Long Xiao4 Yun said, “I know. But I’m just too scared.”

Lin Shi Yin asked, “Scared of what?”

Long Xiao Yun said, “I’m scared that you’d leave me. Because even if you don’t say it, I still know that you… you haven’t forgotten him. I’m afraid you’ll go back into his arms.”

Lin Shi Yin suddenly jumped up and yelled, “Get your hands off of me! Not only are you a vicious person, but what kind of person did you think I am? What kind of a person did you think he is?”

She dropped to the floor, sobbing uncontrollably, “Did you forget that I… I am your wife?”

Long Xiao4 Yun just stood there like he’s made of wood. Only his tears are moving.

Li Xun Huan looked at them, thinking to himself, “Just who’s fault is this? Who was wrong…”
Only to hear someone say, “Are you awake?”

This voice is so lovely, so tender.

When Ah Fei opened his eyes, he saw a face of a goddess. This face has the world’s cutest, kindest smile. Those eyes contain the most profound love.

This face looks almost like his mother.

He remembers that when he was ill as a kid, his mother would sit by his side like this, also watching over him tenderly.

But that was a long time ago. So long ago even he almost forgot about them…

Ah Fei tried to get off the bed. “Where am I?”

Just as he sat up, he fell back down again.

Lin Xian Er gently pulled him up, and said sweetly, “Don’t worry about where you are. Just think of this as your home.”

“My home?”

He never had a home.

Lin Xian Er said, “I think your home must be very warm, because you have such a great mom. She must be very gentle, very beautiful, and love you very much.”

Ah Fei just sat there. After a long time, he said, “I don’t have a home, nor a mother.”

Lin Xian Er looked a little confused. “But… but when you were unconscious, you kept yelling her name.”

Ah Fei did not move, nor did his face show any expressions. “She died when I was seven!”

Although he still has a blank face, his eyes became watery.

Lin Xian Er lowered her head. “I’m sorry. I… I shouldn’t have brought out your sad memories.”

After a while, Ah Fei asked, “Did you save me?”

Lin Xian Er said, “By that time, you’ve already fainted. So I carried you over here. As long as you stay, I promise you that no one will come in.”

Ah Fei said, “Right before my mother died, she kept telling me to never accept anyone’s gratitude. I never forgot those words. But now…”

His stone face suddenly became alive, yelling, “Now I owe you my life!”

Lin Xian Er said gently, “You don’t owe me anything. Don’t forget, you’ve save my life before too.”

Ah Fei kept on sighing. “Why did you save me? Why save me?”

Lin Xian Er looked at him kindly. She couldn’t help but put her hand on his face. “Don’t think about anything right now. Later…later you’ll know why I…I saved you. Why I’m doing this for you.”

Her hands really are beautiful.

Ah Fei closed his eyes.

He never thought he would have this kind of feeling.

He asked, “What time is it?”

“No yet midnight.”

Ah Fei tried to get up again.

Lin Xian Er asked, “Where are you going!”

Ah Fei bit his teeth. “I can’t let them take away Li Xun Huan.”

Lin Xian Er said, “But he’s already gone.”

Ah Fei feel back down onto the bed. His face full of sweat. “But you said it’s not yet midnight.”

Lin Xian Er said, “I did say that, but Li Xun Huan was taken away yesterday morning?”

Ah Fei looked shocked. “I’ve been asleep for that long?”

Lin Xian Er said, “Your injuries are very serious. Other than you, I don’t think anyone else could’ve stayed alive. So right now you must listen to me and wait for your injuries to heal.”

“But Li…”

Lin Xian Er said, “I won’t let you bring him up. Because his situation is not as bad as yours. Even if you’re going to save him, wait til your injuries have healed.”

She moved him so his head rested on the pillows. “Don’t worry, since Reverend Xin Mei is personally escorting him, he’s not going to be in any trouble on the road.

Li Xun Huan sat on a chair in the carriage, looking at Tian Qi and Xin Mei. He thought it was kind of interesting, and couldn’t help but smile.

Tian Qi stared at him. “What’s so funny?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I just think it’s really interesting.”

“What is?”

Li Xun Huan yawned, closed his eyes, as if going to sleep.

Tian Qi shook him. “What’s so interesting about me?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I’m sorry. I wasn’t talking about you. There are many interesting people in this world. But you’re not one of them. You’re ridiculously boring.”

Tian Qi looked pissed, but finally removed his hands.

Xin Mei couldn’t help but ask, “Do you think I’m interesting?”

He’s never met anyone who thought he was interesting.

Li Xun Huan yawned again. He said with a smile, “I find you interesting because I’ve never been in a carriage with a monk before. I’ve always thought that monks never ride on a horse nor in a carriage.”

Xin Mei also smiled. “Monks are also people. Not only do we have to ride in carriages, but also eat.”

Li Xun Huan said, “But if you’re going to sit in a carriage, why not sit in a more comfortable position? The way you’re sitting makes people feel you have some skin irritation.”

Xin Mei’s expression suddenly changed. “Do you want me to close your mouth?”

Xin Mei looked at Tian Qi. Tian Qi’s hands moved to one of Li Xun Huan’s pressure point. He smiled, “If I press this finger down, you know what will happen, right?”

LI Xun Huan chuckled. “If you press down, then you’re never be able to hear many interesting things.”

Tian Qi said, “In that case, I guess I’ll just…”

In the middle of the sentence, the horse suddenly let out a loud scream, then stopped.

Tian Qi yelled to the people outside, “What’s going on? What…”

When he opened up the curtain and looked outside, his face turned pale.

A person is standing in the snow. His right hand is holding the carriage, preventing the horse from going forward. He just stood there motionless.

