# Chapter 18 : Many Surprises in One Day

That person is wearing a green blouse. This blouse would be considered too long for most people, but on him, it’s actually too short.

He’s already tall enough to scare people. But he had to wear a strange long hat. From afar, he almost look like a tree.

The ability to instantly stop a galloping horse really is scary. But his eyes are even scarier, those eyes that don’t look human.

His eyes are green, and they glitter.

Just as Tian Qi looked out, he immediately came back inside. He does not look well.

Xin Mei asked, “There’s someone outside?”

Tian Qi said, “Yi Ku?”

Li Xun Huan smiled. “Unfortunately he’s just like all my other friends. He just want my head.”

Xin Mei’s face looks heavy. He pushed open the door, then said, “Mr. Yi?”

The Green Devil Hand looked at him, then said coldly, “Are you Xin Hu? Or Xin Mei?”

Reverend Xin Mei said, “Monks don’t lie. There’s also a Mr. Tian Qi and Mr. Li onboard.”

Yi Ku said, “Good. Just give me Li Xun Huan and I’ll let you go.”

Xin Mei said, “What if I don’t agree?”

Yi Ku said, “Then I’ll just have to first kill you. Then kill Li Xun Huan!”

He suddenly reached out his hand. Only to see a green flash, the Green Devil Hand came towards Xin Mei.

Xin Mei said a prayer, and 4 gray clothed youngster came. After Xin Mei dodged this first attack, the young monks surrounded Yi Ku.

Then Yi Ku started to laugh.

During his laughter, he shot out an arrow with green smoke. Xin Mei immediately said, “Hold your breath!”

While he warned his students, he forgot himself. When said the world ‘hold’, he felt a strange odor enter his mouth.

When the other monks see his expression change, they all panicked.

Only to see Xin Mei immediately flew back a few meters, sat down, and started to meditate. He needed to use his inner strength to force out the poison.

The Shaolin monks then formed a wall in front of him. They only care for Xin Mei’s safety, forgetting Li Xun Huan.

Yet Yi Ku didn’t even bother to look at them. He just walked to the carriage.

Li Xun Huan is still there. But Tian Qi is gone.

Yi Ku stared at Li Xun Huan. “Did you kill Qiu Du?”

“Yes.”

Yi Ku said, “Good. To exchange your life for Qiu Du’s is not a bad deal for you.”

He raised his Green Devil Hand…

Ah Fei looked at the ceiling. He hasn’t spoke for a long time.

Lin Xian Er said sweetly, “What are you thinking?”

Ah Fei said, “Do you think he’ll be in danger on the road?”

Lin Xian Er smiled. “Of course not. He has Reverend Xin Mei and Tian Qi escorting him. Who’d dare try to hurt him?”

She stroke her hand on Ah Fei’s hair. “If you’re thinking of me, then just sleep. I’ll be here. I promise I won’t leave.”

Ah Fei stared at her. Her eyes are so warm.

Ah Fei finally went to sleep.

Yi Ku stared at Li Xun Huan. “What else do you have to say?”

Li Xun Huan looked at his bright Green Devil Hand. “Just one sentence.”

“What’s that?”

Li Xun Huan sighed. “Why come all the way here to die?”

He suddenly flipped his hand!

A dagger flashed brightly, Yi Ku suddenly fell back.

Much blood appeared in the snow!

By now Yi Ku is far away. He yelled, “Li Xun Huan, Don’t forget. I…”

When he got here, he stopped.

The winter wind cuts like a knife. The snowfield suddenly became eerily quiet.

Suddenly someone clapped. Tian Qi came out from behind the carriage, smiling and clapping.”Great. Great. Great. Little Li’s Flying Dagger really does never miss. As incredible as everyone say it is.”

Li Xun Huan thought for a while. “If you unsealed all my pressure points, then he couldn’t have escaped.”

Tian Qi laughed. “If I unsealed all your pressure points, then you’d be the one who’d have escaped. With only hand to move, one dagger to use, you’ve managed to seriously injure Yi Ku. I really have to be extra careful against a guy like you.”

By this time those monks have carried Xin Mei over. When he got on the car, Xin Mei immediately said, “Let’s go.”

After a while, he said, “The Green Devil Hand really is venomous.”

Tian Qi smiled. “But not as venomous as Little Li’s Flying Dagger.”

Xin Mei looked at Li Xun Huan. “I didn’t expect you to save us.”

Li Xun Huan chuckled. “I was just saving myself. Don’t worry about it. Don’t bother to thank me either.”

Tian Qi said, “I just asked him if he wanted to go with us to Shaolin, or stay with Yi Ku. Then unsealed the pressure point for his right arm and gave him a dagger.”

He snickered. “That is already enough.”

Xin Mei said, “The legendary Little Li’s Dagger… really is fast!”

Although his reflexes aren’t great, he does have great inner power. By nightfall, Xin Mei forced out all the poison in his body. By next morning, he has almost made a full recovery.

Then they found a small restaurant by the road. A meal without wine is like a dish without seasoning. Light and tasteless.

Tian Qi said, “It’s good enough that you have food to eat. Don’t expect too much.”

Shaolin rules really are strict. These monk didn’t make any noise during dinner. Although it’s just some plain vegetables, but they’re used to that. Besides, after traveling for such a long time, they’re already quite hungry. So they ate a lot.

Only Xin Mei, since he just recovered from an injury, had to ask for some special food. So he did not eat.

Li Xun Huan picked up a piece of tofu, put it by his mouth, then put it down. His expression changed. “We can’t eat this.”

Tian Qi said, “If Master Tan Hua can’t stand these plain dishes, then I guess he can only go on an empty stomach.

Li Xun Huan said plainly, “This food is poisoned!”

Tian Qi laughed. “Just because we won’t allow you to drink doesn’t mean…”

He suddenly stopped laughing. As if someone stuffed something down his throat.

Because he saw that those four Shaolin monks’ faces looked grey. Yet they didn’t seem to notice, just kept on eating.

Xin Mei immediately said, “Stop eating. Meditate to protect your vital organs.”

Those monks didn’t even know what’s going on. They just smiled. “Is martial uncle ordering us?”

Xin Mei quickly said, “Of course. Can’t you tell you’ve been poisoned?”

“Who’s poisoned?”

The four of them suddenly looked at each other. All said at the same time, “Your face…”

Before they finished that sentence, all four fell down. By the time Xin Mei looked at them again, their body has began to rot.

The poison is not only tasteless and odorless, but also prevent the poisoned to not notice any problems. By the time they realize that they’re poisoned, they’re beyond help!

Tian Qi shuddered. “What kind of poison is this? How could it be so powerful?”
But who’s the culprit?

Li Xun Huan stared at the scorpion. “I knew he would come sooner or later.”

Tian Qi asked loudly, “Who? You know who it is?”

Li Xun Huan said, “There are two types of poison in this world. One’s from grass and other plants. The other is from snakes and insects. Many people can produce poison from plants. But few can make poison from snakes and insects. Only one person can make such a poison kill people without them even realizing it.

Tian Qi was taken aback, “You mean the Five Poison Kid?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I was also hoping it wouldn’t be him either.”

“Why would he come here? What did he come here to do?”

Li Xun Huan said, “He came for me.”

He knows that Li Xun Huan can’t possibly have a friend like this. So just as he started to say something, he changed his mind. “Looks like you don’t have many friends, but quite a few enemies.”

Li Xun Huan said, “I don’t really mind having lots of enemies. But a person only needs a few friends, because sometimes friends are even scarier than enemies.”

Xin Mei suddenly cut in. “How did you know that there’s poison in the food?”

Li Xun Huan said, “It’s like when I gamble. I simply go with my gut feeling. If someone else asks me why, I can’t really answer.”

Xin Mei looked at him suspiciously. Then said, “From now on. We eat whatever he eats.”

They then gave those dead monks to a local monastery, and started to travel again.

Although they can go for a long time without eating, the driver doesn’t want to go hungry with them. So he found a little shop and started to eat. He carried some bread in a sack as he came back, eating some on the way.

Tian Qi kept staring at him. After a while, he suddenly asked, “How much were these bread?”

The driver smiled. “Very cheap, and pretty tasty, why don’t you try some?”

Tian Qi smiled. “These bread can’t be poisonous. Why don’t you have some, reverend?”

Xin Mei said, “Have some, Mr. Li.”

Li Xun Huan chuckled. “I never thought you two would become so polite.”

He picked up a piece in his left hand, because only his left hand can move. Then he said, “We can’t eat this.”

Tian Qi said. “But the driver has no problems with it.”

Li Xun Huan said, “He can eat it, but we cannot.”

“Why?”

“Because he’s not the person Five Poison Kid want to kill.”

Tian Qi laughed coldly. “Are you trying to trick us into starving?”

Li Xun Huan said, “If you don’t believe me, why don’t you try it?”

Tian Qi stared at him, then asked the driver to stop. He gave half a piece to the driver and asked him to eat it. The driver ate the whole thing and showed no signs of being poisoned. Tian Qi said coldly, “You still think we can’t eat this bread?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Nope.”

He yawned. Then seemingly went to sleep.

Tian Qi was annoyed, “I’ll eat it just to spite you.”

Although he said this, he still didn’t eat the bread. Then he saw a wild dog walk by, looking very hungry.

Tian Qi immediately gave a piece to the dog. The dog didn’t seem to care for it. It just ate a little bit before leaving.

Yet after it walked a few steps, the dog suddenly yelled loudly, jumped up, and then dropped dead.

Only now did Tian Qi and Xin Mei really became surprised.

Li Xun Huan sighed. “I told you. Unfortunately, only a dog died. Not you.”

Tian Qi was looking pretty confident with himself. But now his whole expression changed. He stared at the driver, asking, “What’s this all about?”

The driver kept shaking. “I don’t know. I bought the bread from the shop.”

Tian Qi grabbed him. “How come the dog died but not you? Unless you’re the one who put in the poison?”

The driver became so scared he couldn’t respond.

Li Xun Huan said, “It’s useless to ask him. Because he doesn’t know what’ going on either.”

“If he doesn’t, then who does?”

“I do.”

Tian Qi gathered himself. “You do? Then explain.”

Li Xun Huan said, “The bread is poisoned, but his soup has the antidote.”

Tian Qi said coldly, “If that’s the case, then we could’ve drank the soup, right?”

Li Xun Huan said, “If you drank the soup, then the poison would’ve been in there.”

The Five Poison Kid’s tricks really are impossible to guard. Against someone like him, you can only shut your mouth tight.

Xin Mei said, “Who cares if we have to go hungry for a couple of days? Let’s just keep going.”

Tian Qi said, “I’m afraid that even if we don’t eat there will still be trouble.”

“Why?”

“Because he might be waiting for us to become weak before attacking.”

Xin Mei doesn’t know how to respond.

Tian Qi’s eyes suddenly glowed. “Actually, I have a suggestion.”

“What?”

Tian Qi said quietly, “His target aren’t us. So if we just…”

He looked at Li Xun Huan and stopped talking.

Xin Mei’s face became heavy. “Since I already promised to take him to Shaolin, I can’t let him die on the road!”

Tian Qi did not say anything else. But every time he looked at Li Xun Huan, his eyes screamed murder.

Not only do monks have to sleep and eat, they also have to use the restroom.

Yet Xin Mei somehow realized this. So whatever he does, he won’t let Li Xun Huan out of his sight.

Although Tian Qi became annoyed and impatient, he can’t do anything about it.

The next day, they saw a little shop selling tortillas by the road. It’s business is quite good. A lot of people are waiting in line to buy it. When they get it, they immediately start eating. No one died of poison.

Tian Qi couldn’t resist. “Can we eat this?”

Li Xun Huan said, “They can eat it. Only we cannot. Even if ten thousand people eat it and have no problems, if we eat it, we’ll be poisoned to death!”

If he had said this two days ago, Tian Qi obviously would not believe him. But when he said it now, Tian Qi has to listen.

Only to hear a child cry, “Mom! Mom! I want to eat the tortilla.”

They saw two kids around seven or either by the side of that shop, yelling and jumping up and down. A woman in a store by the shop came out and slapped them on the face.

That kid cried, “When I become rich, I’ll never eat tortillas again. I’ll just eat egg noodles.”

Li Xun Huan sighed. The gap between the rich and poor really is great. In these kids’ minds, even egg noodles are considered a delicacy.

The street is narrow. There are lots of people here. So their carriage couldn’t get across even after a long time.

This time those two kids brought out two bowls of porridge. They kept staring at the other people who are eating the tortillas.

Tian Qi suddenly got off the carriage, put some coins on the counter of the tortilla shop and took some tortillas. He then walked up to the little boys and said, “I give you my tortillas. You give me your porridge, ok?”

Those kids’ eyes grew very bright, thinking there can’t possibly be anyone this nice.

“I’ll also give you some money to buy candy with, ok?”

Xin Mei couldn’t help but chuckle. Tian Qi finally brought the two bowls of porridge onto the carriage. Xin Mei smiled. “You really are tricky.”

Tian Qi laughed. “Well, we certainly need the energy to keep traveling.”

He gave a bowl to Xin Mei.

Although this porridge has no flavor, they still ate it like an extravagant meal, because they’re certain it’s not poisoned.

Tian Qi looked at Li Xun Huan and chuckled. “Do you think it’s safe to eat this?”

Before he can respond, Li Xun Huan began to cough.

Tian Qi said with a smile. “If Five Poison Kid knew beforehand that the kid wants to eat tortillas, and that we’d use tortillas to exchange for his porridge, and put in the poison in beforehand, then I’ll gladly die.”

As he said those words, he gulped down the whole bowl.

Xin Mei didn’t think the porridge was poisoned either. Because no matter what, Five Poison Kid can’t possibly predict the future!

