# Chapter 25 : The Sword is Ruthless but the Swordsman’s Sentimental

Ah Fei couldn’t help but laugh when he heard that the Plum Flower Bandit is a woman. “How can a woman rape women?”

Li Xun Huan said, “This is why she’s so cunning. No one would expect the Plum Flower Bandit to be a woman.”

“But there’s no way a woman can rape a woman.”

Li Xun Huan chuckled, “There is one way.”

He coughed a few times lightly, continued, “If the Plum Flower Bandit really is a woman, then she can simply use men to do the dirty work for her, then at an opportune time, kill off these men.”

Ah Fei said, “You think too much.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Perhaps you’re right, but it’s always better to think too much than to not think at all.”

Ah Fei then said, “The Plum Flower Bandit first appeared thirty years ago. He should be over fifty by now.”

Li Xun Huan said, “The Plum Flower Bandit of thirty years ago might be a different person. They might be teacher and student, or father and daughter.”

Ah Fei stopped talking.

Li Xun Huan also did not speak for a long time, then said, “Bai Xiao Sheng cannot possibly be the mastermind behind stealing those scriptures, because he cannot possibly make Xin Jian take this kind of risk for him.”

“Really.”

Li Xun Huan continued, “Before Xin Jian entered Shaolin, he was already very famous, if he wanted money, he’d have it, so money can’t be the reason.”

“Really.”

“Although Bai Xiao Sheng’s martial arts skills are high, such a thing is practically useless to a Shaolin reverend. “

Ah Fei said, “Maybe he has something which he could threaten Xin Jian with.”

Li Xun Huan asked, “What type of things? Before he entered Shaolin, everything that Dan E did has nothing to do with Xin Jian, since you’re suppose to cut yourself off from your previous life after becoming a monk. Bai Xiao Sheng couldn’t have used anything that he did beforehand to threaten him. Of course, after Dan E entered Shaolin, he couldn’t have done anything anyway.”

“Why?”

“If he wanted to do something bad, then there’s no point in entering Shaolin in the first place. Everyone knows how strict Shaolin’s rules are, so he would never take the risk, unless…”

Ah Fei said, “Unless what?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Unless there is something which can move him. This cannot be fame or money.”

Ah Fei said, “So what else can possibly make him do something like this?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Only an incredibly gorgeous beauty.”

Ah Fei said, “Plum Flower Bandit?”

Li Xun Huan said, “Correct. Only an incredible beauty can possibly make him betray Shaolin, to make him steal those scriptures.”

Ah Fei said, “So how do you know that the Plum Flower Bandit must be an incredibly beautiful woman?”

Li Xun Huan remained quiet for a while before speaking again, “Perhaps I’m wrong… Hopefully I’m wrong.”

Ah Fei suddenly stopped walking, then stared at Li Xun Huan, “Are you going back to Happy Cloud Manor?”

Li Xun Huan smiled a little, said, “I really don’t know where else to go.”

It’s a dark night.

Only a single candle in the house remains lit.

Li Xun Huan stared blankly at this light, after a long time, he took out a handkerchief, held it to his mouth and began coughing again.

Blood appeared on the handkerchief, which he put back into his pockets, then said with a smile, “I suddenly don’t want to go in anymore.”

Ah Fei asked, “Why not?”

Li Xun Huan said, “I don’t know. I tend to do a lot things for which I do not know the reason of.”

Ah Fei said, “Long Xiao4 Yun treated you like this, yet you don’t want to find him?”

Li Xun Huan simply smiled, said, “But he didn’t wrong me… because for one’s own wife and kids, a person can be forgiven for anything.”

Ah Fei stared at him for a long, long time, then lowered his head slowly, said, “You really are a strange person, but also a friend one can never forget.”

Li Xun Huan said, “Of course you can’t forget me, because we’ll surely meet again in the future.”

Ah Fei said, “But… but now…”

Li Xun Huan said, “But now you need to take care of some business, so go ahead and do that.”

They then simply stood there quietly.

The wind blew through the land.

From afar came the sound of midnight drums, so far away that it seemed to sound like tears dropping on grass.

No stars, no moon, just fog…

Li Xun Huan suddenly laughed, then said, “There’s fog. Tomorrow’s weather must be nice.”

Ah Fei said, “Yes.”

He suddenly felt like something got stuck in her throat, unable to speak more.

He flipped over the high walls, found the candles in Lin Xian Er’s room still burning, a woman’s shadow appearing on the window paper.

Ah Fei’s heart retracted.

The person inside seems to be reading a book, but also thinking about something.

Ah Fei opened the door.

As he opened the door, he saw that unforgettable face. As he opened the door, he could not move any further.
Lin Xian Er turned around, looked shocked, then smiled. “It’s you,” she said.

Ah Fei said, “It’s me.”

He found that his voice is very distant. So distant he couldn’t even hear himself.

Lin Xian Er put her hand over her chest, then said, “Look at you, you really scared me.”

Ah Fei said, “You thought I was dead. That’s why you were so surprised when I came in, right?”

Lin Xian Er blinked her eyes. “What are you talking about? Come on it quickly, you’ll catch a cold.”

She held Ah Fei’s hand, pulling him inside the room.

Ah Fei’s hand pulled away from hers.

Lin Xian Er said sweetly, “You’re angry. Who are you angry with? I’ll help you.”

She tried to embrace Ah Fei, but he pushed her back.

Lin Xian Er lost her balance and fell down.

Soon, tears appeared from her eyes, “Did I make you angry? Why do you treat me this way? What did I do wrong? As long as you tell me, I’d die without regrets.”

Ah Fei tightened his fists.

He just saw that Lin Xian Er was reading a book, a Buddhist scripture.

Shaolin Temple’s sacred scripture.

Ah Fei stared at her, as if he has never seen her before.

Ah Fei said coldly, “What did you do? You knew that once I stepped into Third Master Shen’s room, I am a dead man.”

Lin Xian Er said, “What… what do you mean?”

Ah Fei said, “When Bai Xiao Sheng and Xin Jian gave you the Shaolin scripture, you told them to make the trap in Third Master Shen’s room, to get me, and to get Li Xun Huan.”

Lin Xian Er bit her lips and said, “You really think I tried to harm you?”

Ah Fei said, “Of course, because you’re the only person who knew I would go to his room that night.”

Lin Xian Er put her hands over her face, continued to cry. “But, why would I want to hurt you? Why?”

“Because you’re the Plum Flower Bandit!”

Lin Xian Er looked like someone just hit her with a whip, suddenly jumped up, said, “I’m the Plum Flower Bandit? You dare call me the Plum Flower Bandit?”

Ah Fei said, “Yes, you’re the Plum Flower Bandit.”

Lin Xian Er said, “The Plum Flower Bandit is dead, you…”

Ah Fei cut her off, said, “I simply killed one of your puppets, so you can divert attention away from yourself.”

He continued, “You knew the Golden Needle Vest is in Li Xun Huan’s possession, and that he won’t fall for your tricks, so you’re in grave danger. That’s why you asked him to come to your room that night.”

Lin Xian Er said, “I did have a date with him that nigh, because I didn’t know you at the time.”

Ah Fei didn’t even pay attention to her. “You wanted that puppet to purposely kidnap you, just so Li Xun Huan can save you, to kill him. Once the world thinks that the Plum Flower Bandit’s dead, no one would suspect you.”

Lin Xian Er calmed down, said, “Keep going.”

Ah Fei said, “But you didn’t expect Li Xun Huan to have an accident, even more surprised that I would show up.”

Lin Xian Er said, “Don’t forget, I also saved you.”

“That’s right.”

“If I were the Plum Flower Bandit, why would I save you?”

Ah Fei said, “Because things didn’t go as you planned, so I was useful to you alive at the time. When no one came to search your room those days, I began to suspect you.”

Lin Xian Er said, “You think I conspired with Long Xiao Yun and others against him?”

Ah Fei said, “Of course they didn’t know what you’re up to. You’re just using them. Besides, Long Xiao4 Yun has hated Li Xun Huan for quite a while now, so he obviously had no problems going along with your plans.”

Lin Xian Er said, “Did Li Xun Huan tell you these things?”

Ah Fei said, “You think that all men in this world are idiots, puppets you play with, so when Li Xun Huan did not fall for your tricks, you set traps to eliminate him.”

Ah Fei found that his voice started shaking, he bit his teeth and continued, “Not only are you devious and cold-heated, but you’re also incredibly greedy, even robbing Shaolin’s sacred scriptures. You… you…”

Lin Xian Er sighed, “Looks like I’ve misjudged you.”

Ah Fei said, “But I did not misjudge you!”

Lin Xian Er said, “If I said that it’s not Dan E and Bai Xiao Sheng who gave me these scriptures, you won’t believe me, right?”

Ah Fei said, “No matter what you say, I’ll never believe you again!”

Lin Xian Er started to laugh. “I finally understand you now, understand your heart…”

As she spoke, she walked towards Ah Fei, her steps steady.

The wind is blowing, the candlelight wavering.

Candlelight shined on her beautiful face, filled with her tears, as she stared at Ah Fei, said, “I know you’re here to kill me, right?”

Ah Fei tightened his fists, close his mouth tightly.

She pointed to her heart. “Since you have your sword, why haven’t you killed me yet? I can only hope that you stab me in the heart.”

Ah Fei’s hand is already on his sword.

Lin Xian Er looked up at him, said, “Please go ahead, I’d be happy to die in your hands.”

Ah Fei could not look at her, instead looking at his sword.

Her eyes filled with emotions, with tenderness, with love, yet also hate… nothing in this world can touch a man’s heart more than her eyes.

A gleam of light appeared in the corner of her eyes. “You’re the person I love the most in this world. If even you don’t believe me, then there’s no reason for me to keep on living.”

Ah Fei held his sword tightly, his fingers became sore.

Lin Xian Er continued, “If you think I’m the Plum Flower Bandit, that I’m a despicable woman, then just go ahead and kill me, I… I won’t blame you.”

Ah Fei’s hand began to shake.

The ruthless sword, the sword is ruthless, but what about people?

How could people have no emotions?

The candlelight went out.

But Lin Xian Er’s beauty is even more noticeable in the darkness.

She did not speak, but in the darkness, even her breathing sound like a soothing voice, capable of warming one’s heart.

Is there anything more powerful than the power of love?

Looking at a woman like this, looking at the strongest emotions he has felt in his entire life, looking at this endless darkness…

How could Ah Fei possibly kill her?

The sword is ruthless! But the swordsman’s sentimental!

