# Chapter 42 : Malice

The room was big, the bed sheets were newly changed, very clean. The teapot wasn’t broken in any way, while the teacups were very clean.

Lin XianEr sat on the bed, patching up a tear in a man’s robe. She’s not as good with the needle as she is with the sword, so she sometimes pricked her own hand.

Ah Fei stood by the window, looking at the moon outside, thinking about something.

Lin XianEr sewed a button unto the robe and shook her head. She said, “I really can’t get used to living in a hotel. Even the best hotel room seems like a cage to me. When I enter, I become queasy.”

Ah Fei said, “Yeah.”

Lin XianEr said, “I’ve always heard that there’s no place like home. Don’t you think so?”

Ah Fei said, “Yeah.”

Lin XianEr rolled her eyes and said, “You’re unhappy that I forced you to leave our home, right?”

Ah Fei said, “No.”

Lin XianEr sighed, and said, “I know Li XunHuan’s your friend. I also like for you to have a friend like him. But we have already decided to start over, so we must leave him. A person like him spreads trouble and misery to wherever he goes.”

She then added tenderly, “We promised to never to get into these troubles again, didn’t we?”

Ah Fei said, “Yes.”

Lin XianEr said, “Besides, although he’s a dependable friend, he’s still a drunkard. All drunkards have annoying problems, problems that they themselves may not even realize.”

She sighed again and said, “That’s why he would break down my door, to try and make me…”

Ah Fei suddenly turned around and stared at her. He said, “Please do not talk about this again, ok?”

Lin XianEr smiled tenderly, and said, “I’ve already forgiven him, because he’s your friend.”

Ah Fei’s face turned pale and miserable. He said, “I don’t have any friends… just you.”

Lin XianEr stood up and put her hands on his, then pulled him to her side. She said tenderly, “You’re the only person in my life too.”

Her face touched Ah Fei’s, and said, “I only need you. Other than you, I don’t need anything else.”

Ah Fei opened his hands and arms, and grabbed her tightly.

Lin XianEr said, “Why won’t you marry me openly, so everyone will know that I’m your wife? What are you afraid of? Can you not forgive me for my past? Do you not truly love me?”

Agony appeared on Ah Fei’s face. His released his hands from her body.

But Lin XianEr still held on to him tightly.

Ah Fei now lied on the bed, about to fall apart.

His heart filled with hatred, but also pain.

He hated himself, because he should not be doing this, but he couldn’t help it. Sometimes he simply wished to die, but he just couldn’t leave her.

Lin XianEr combed her hair in front of the mirror. He cheeks bright red, her big, shiny eyes looked blissful.

She can do it with everyone else, but not with Ah Fei.

A little smile appeared on the side of Lin XianEr’s lips. Her smile was very beautiful, but also very cruel. She absolutely loved to torture men, nothing else in the world could make her happier.

At this moment, someone knocked loudly on the door.

A voice yelled, “Open the door. I know you’re in there. I saw you.”

Ah Fei quickly got up, and yelled, “Who is it?”

Before he finished asking, someone broke into the room.

He pointed to Lin XianEr, and said while laughing wildly, “Although you pretended to not see me, I did see you. Do you still think you can leave me behind?”

No expression appeared on Lin XianEr’s face. She simply said, “Who are you? I don’t recognize you!”

This youngster laughed, “You don’t recognize me? You really don’t recognize me? You mean you forgot that night? That’s just great, I spent all that time to send all those letters for you, yet now you don’t even know me?”

He suddenly rushed towards Lin XianEr, wanting to grab Lin XianEr, and said, “But I still know you. I will never forget you…”

Lin XianEr obviously won’t let herself be seized by this youngster, quickly evading to the side. She yelled in shock, “This person’s drunk. He’s mad.”

He wanted to grab her again, but Ah Fei had already blocked his path. He said loudly, “Get out!”

That youngster said, “Who are you? What right do you have to tell me to leave? You want to please her, don’t you. I’ll tell you something. One day she’s going to forget you too, just like she forgot about me.”

He suddenly began to laugh loudly, and said, “Anyone who thinks that she could love him is an idiot, and idiot… She’s been with hundreds of men…”

Before he could finish, Ah Fei’s fist shot out!

‘Bam’, the youngster flew out the window, and landed face up in the courtyard.

Lin XianEr suddenly covered her face and began to cry. She said with tears, “What did I do wrong? Why would these people wrong me like this? Trying to hurt me so…”

Ah Fei sighed, held her tightly and said, “You don’t have to be afraid as long as I’m by your side.”

After a long time, Lin XianEr finally stopped crying. She whispered, “Thankfully, you’re still by my side. As long as you’re by my side, I don’t care how anyone else think of me.”

Ah Fei, with fire burning in his eyes, said as he bit his teeth, “I won’t let anyone hurt you in the future!”

Lin XianEr said, “Anyone?”

Ah Fei said, “That’s right. Anyone.”

Lin XianEr smiled, and grabbed him even more tightly.

But her eyes are looking at someone else. There’s no pain in her eyes, but rather happiness.

That person is also looking back at her.

He stood right by the fallen youngster.

He’s very tall, very thin, on his waist is a sword!

Although there’s light in the courtyard, it’s dim. One could only see three scars on his face.

Of course, the scariest part was his eyes.

His eyes were gray, lacking any feelings, any life.

He stared coldly at Lin XianEr and slowly nodded. Then he turned around and walked away, toward a set of rooms in the south.

After a while, two people came by and took the youngster away.

Lin XianEr finally stopped crying totally.

It’s now later in the night.

Ah Fei slept soundly on the bed. He fell asleep right after he drank the tea Lin XianEr gave him.

The courtyard is very quiet, with only sounds of the wind.

Then, the door opened.

She left the room quietly, and made her way through the courtyard, towards the set of rooms in the south.

There’s only one room here where the light’s still on.

Lin XianEr knocked on that room’s door.

A low, coarse voice said from the inside, “The door’s unlocked.”

Lin XianEr gently pushed the door, and opened it.

That person who stared at her earlier sat in the room, still as a statue.

Lin XianEr saw his eyes clearly as she moved closer.

His pupils were very big, so when he’s looking at you, he’s seemingly looking elsewhere. But when he’s looking elsewhere, he’s seemingly looking at you.

These eyes were not bright, nor were they penetrating, but there’s some devilish attraction about them. Even Lin XianEr couldn’t help but shudder inside as she saw them.

But on the outside, she still smiled innocently.

The scarier the person she meets, the more innocently she smiles. This is her first weapon against men. She had perfected this art.

She said with a smile, “So are you Mr. Jin?”

Jin WuMing stared at her intently. He neither responded nor made any gesture.

Lin XianEr smiled even more sweetly, and said, “I’ve heard about the famous Mr. Jin for a long time now.”

Jin WuMing continued to stare at her coldly. In his eyes, the most beautiful woman in the world looked no different from a block of wood.

Jin WuMing suddenly interrupted her, and said coldly, “You need to remember one rule when speaking with me.”

Lin XianEr said, “Just tell me the rule, Mr. Jin. I’ll follow it.”

Jin WuMing said, “I only ask questions, not answer them. Understand?”

Lin XianEr said, “I understand.”

Jin WuMing said, “But if I ask a question, then there must be an answer. A very clear and simple answer, as I don’t want to hear any junk.”

Lin XianEr said, “I understand.”

Jin WuMing asked, “So you are Lin XianEr?”

Lin XianEr said, “Yes.”

Jin WuMing asked, “You asked to meet me here?”

Lin XianEr said, “Yes.”

Jin WuMing asked, “You already found Li XunHuan for us?”

Lin XianEr said, “Yes.”

Jin WuMing asked, “Why are you doing this?”

Lin XianEr said, “I know Clan Leader ShangGuan wants to find Li XunHuan, because Li XunHuan likes to mind other people’s businesses too much.”

Jin WuMing asked, “You want to help us?”

Lin XianEr said, “Yes.”

Jin WuMing’s eyes narrowed, and asked loudly, “Why do you want to help us?”

Lin XianEr said, “Because I hate Li XunHuan. I want him to die!”

Jin WuMing asked, “Why don’t you kill him yourself?”

Lin XianEr sighed, and said, “Because I can’t. I can’t even think about it when I’m standing in front of him, because his eyes can see into other’s minds. His one dagger can take others’ lives.”

Jin WuMing asked, “Is his dagger really that powerful?”

Lin XianEr sighed again, and said, “His dagger is even scarier than the legend. Everyone who had wanted to kill him had died in his hands. Other than Mr. Jin and Clan Leader ShangGuan, there’s no one on this Earth who can kill him!”

She raised her head and said gently, “Although I’ve never seen Mr. Jin’s sword art, I can imagine its power.”

Jin WuMing asked, “How can you imagine such a thing?”

Lin XianEr said, “By your composure and calm. Although I’m not a swordsman, I do know that when experts fight, speed and variations aren’t the most important factor in the battle. The most important factor is their composure.”

Jin WuMing asked, “Why?”

Lin XianEr said, “Because there really isn’t really that much diversity between the different sword moves in the world. Nor is there much difference between the speeds of expert fighters. So the most important issue is who can remain calm during the battle, to see the weakness of the opponent. That is who the winner will be.”

Lin XianEr really is amazing.

This is her third weapon against men.

She knows that all men like to be praised, especially praised by women. Praises can be incredibly useful in getting a man’s heart.

Jin WuMing still did not show any expression on his face. He asked, “You set the appointment date on the first day of the tenth month?”

Lin XianEr said, “Yes, because I know Mr. Jin and Clan Leader ShangGuan will be there by that date.”

Jin WuMing said, “But how can you be sure that Li XunHuan will also be there?”

Lin XianEr said, “Because I know he has seen the letter. If he saw the letter, then he’ll be there.”

Jin WuMing said, “You are certain?”

Lin XianEr said, “He’s not afraid of death, because he can’t live for much longer anyway.”

Her smiled disappeared, and added, “But because he’s about to die, Li XunHuan’s very dangerous. Although your kung fu might be better, you still have to watch out. He might fight as if he doesn’t care for his life.”

Her gaze was filled with much compassion, her fourth weapon against men.

If a beautiful woman can use these four weapons well, then she can make at least ninety-nine percent of men grovel at her feet.

Unfortunately, this man proved to be an exception to the rule. Because not only is he not a man, he’s not even human!

But thankfully, she has her most useful weapon left.

This is her last one, and the most primitive one which women have. Sometimes this weapon is the only way to control a man.

But would it work on Jin WuMing?”

Lin XianEr hesitated.

Unless she’s absolutely certain, she would never use this weapon.

Jin WuMing said calmly, “Are you done speaking?”

Lin XianEr said, “Yes.”

Jin WuMing slowly got up, walked to the side of the table, his face away from her.

Lin XianEr let out a bitter smile, and said, “If Mr. Jin has no further orders, I shall leave now.”

Jin WuMing ignored her. He took out a pill, and swallowed it with a cup of tea.

Lin XianEr doesn’t see what else she can do here. She can only leave.

But before she reached the door, Jin WuMing suddenly said, “You like to seduce men, don’t you.”

Lin XianEr froze. Jin WuMing added, “You’ve been trying to seduce me ever since you came to this room, right?”

Lin XianEr’s eyes brightened. She said with her head lowered, “I like men who have a lot of self control.”

Jin WuMing turned around and said, “Then why did you give up?”

Her cheeks fully flushed. Lin XianEr said, “Your heart seemed to be made of steel. I… I can’t…”

Jin WuMing said, “But my body’s not made of steel.”

He added, “If you want to seduce me, there’s only one method, the most direct method.”

Lin XianEr said with her face all red, “Why don’t you teach me that method?”

Jin WuMing slowly walked up to her, and said in a chilling voice, “You actually need me to teach you this method?”

He raised his hand and slapped her on the face.

Lin XianEr’s body flew up, and landed on the bed. While her body still suffered from the pain afflicted by the slap, fire of desire burnt in her eyes.

By the time Lin XianEr walked out of the room, it’s nearly dawn.

She looked very flustered, very tired, and her legs were so weak she almost couldn’t walk. But her heart felt very fulfilled, very calm.

Every time she lit up the fire in Ah Fei’s heart, she’d also have a fire burnt within her own heart. That’s why she must find someone to release this desire, to put out the fire.

She liked to be tortured, and liked to torture others.

Lin XianEr looked up into the sky and said, “Today’s already the twenty-fifth. Five more days… Only five more days…”

She smiled.

Oh, Li XunHuan. You only have five more days to live!

