# Chapter 54 : The Deal

Obviously, these two people are Jin WuMing and ShangGuan JinHong. One might never find a third person like them.

To think, the richest, most famous, most powerful Golden Money Clan’s leader, would live in such a simple place. No one could possibly imagine this.

Because in their eyes, money is just a tool. Women are also tools. Every single luxury in the world is a tool for them. They don’t care for any of that. They only care about power. Power. Other than power, they need nothing. They live for power, and just might die for power.

It’s very quiet. Other than sounds of flipping books, there’s only silence. The candlelight shined. No one knows how long they’ve been working here, standing here. One can only see light turn into dark, and dark turn back into light. It seems as if they’re never tired, never hungry. At this moment, someone knocked by the door. It’s just one knock, and very light.

ShangGuan JinHong’s hands did not stop moving, nor did he raise his head.

Jin WuMing said, “Who?”

The man outside said, “One seventy-nine.”

Jin WuMing said, “What do you want?”

The man outside said, “Someone wants to see the clan leader.”

Jin WuMing said, “Who?”

The man outside said, “He won’t say his name.”

Jin WuMing said, “Why does he want to see the clan leader?”

The man outside said, “He said he’ll tell the clan leader upon seeing him.”

Jin WuMing stopped talking.

ShangGuan JinHong suddenly said, “Where is he?”

The man outside said, “In the front courtyard.”

ShangGuan JinHong’s hands still turned the pages. He didn’t even raise his head when he said, “Kill him!”

The man outside said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong suddenly asked, “Who escorted him here?”

The man outside said, “The eighth helmsman, Xiang Song.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Kill Xiang Song too!”

The man outside said, “Yes.”

Jin WuMing said, “I’ll go!”

When he spoke these words, his foot is already out the door, and left in a flash. When it comes to killing, Jin WuMing is always enthusiastic. Besides, Xiang Song’s nickname is ‘Wind and Rain Meteors’. His pair of Meteor Hammer ranks number nineteenth on the Book of Weapons. It’s not easy to kill him.

Who did he escort to see ShangGuan JinHong? What this person’s reason for coming? Apparently, ShangGuan JinHong didn’t seem to be curious at all.

This man really has no humanity in him.

His head never rose. His hand never stopped moving.

The door opened. Jin WuMing returned.

ShangGuan JinHong didn’t ask him “Did he die?”

Because Jin WuMing never fails when it comes to killing.

ShangGuan JinHong only said, “Go! If Xiang Song did not retaliate, give his family ten thousand taels of gold. If he did retaliate, kill his whole family.”

Jin WuMing said, “I didn’t kill him.”

ShangGuan JinHong finally raised his head, and glared at Jin WuMing.

Jin WuMing’s face is still without an expression. He said, “Because the person he escorted, I can’t kill.”

ShangGuan JinHong yelled, “Anyone can be killed. Why not him?”

Jin WuMing said, “I don’t kill children.”

ShangGuan JinHong froze for a moment. He slowly lowered his brush, and said, “Are you telling me, that a child wants to see me?”

Jin WuMing said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “What kind of a child?”

Jin WuMing said, “A crippled child.”

Rays shot out of ShangGuan JinHong’s eyes. He thought for a while, before he said, “Bring him in!”

A child would dare come see ShangGuan JinHong? Not even ShangGuan JinHong himself would believe it. This child isn’t just fearless, he must be crazy.

Yet this person really is a child.

His face is pure white, without a hint of life.

He didn’t carry the glow of a child either, but rather the sullenness of an adult.

He walked very slowly, his back a bit bent.

This child looks like an old man.

This child is none other than Long Xiao3Yun.

Anyone who saw Long Xiao3Yun would examine him in detail.

ShangGuan JinHong is no exception.

His eyes glared at Long Xiao3Yun’s face.

Everyone ShangGuan JinHong had glared this way, either began to shake. Or at least feel their legs giving out.

Long Xiao3Yun is an exception.

He slowly came in, bowed courteously, and said, “My name is Long Xiao3Yun, here to pay respects to Clan Leader.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Long Xiao3Yun? Who is Long Xiao4Yun to you?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “He’s my father.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Did your father tell you to come?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Why didn’t he come himself.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “If he had come, it’s uncertain if he’d get to meet clan leader. Instead, there’s a good chance he’d die instead.”

ShangGuan JinHong said loudly, “You think I won’t kill you?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “I’m just a child. My life is already within your hands. It’s not that you won’t kill me, but rather I’m not worth your time to kill.”

ShangGuan JinHong’s face actually turned more pleasant. He said, “You might be young, might be sick. But you are quite brave.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “When someone needs to ask for something, he would naturally become a lot braver.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Great words.”

He suddenly chuckled at Jin WuMing, and said, “If you only heard him speak, would you be able to tell if he’s child?”

Although his head is facing down, Long Xiao3Yun was very observant of these two people. He found their relationship very interesting.

ShangGuan JinHong finally said, “Your biggest strength is that you never speak. But your biggest weakness is that you never hear others speak.”

Jin WuMing didn’t even care to respond.

After a long time, ShangGuan JinHong finally said, “What do you want?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “There are many ways to say everything. I can say my request in a roundabout way. But clan leader’s time is precious. So I should speak in the most direct manner, the shortest way.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Great. To those who are too wordy, I only have one way to cure their problems. That is by cutting off their throats.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “I came to make a deal.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “A deal?”

His face turned cold again, and said, “Others have tried to make deals with me. Do you know what I did to them?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “I am listening.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “I used only one way to take care of them. That’s by killing them!”

Long Xiao3Yun’s expression did not change. He said calmly, “But this deal is different. Or I would not dare come.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “A deal is a deal. What’s so different about this one?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “This deal can only benefit clan leader.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Really?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Clan leader is world-renowned. You have unlimited wealth. You can get anything you want in the world.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Exactly. Which is why I don’t make deals.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “But there is one thing in this world, that clan leader might not be able to obtain.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Really?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “This item isn’t really worth all that much. But his value for clan leader is different.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “What item are you talking about?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “The life of Li XunHuan!”

ShangGuan JinHong suddenly became quite passionate. He asked, “What did you say?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “We have control of Li XunHuan’s life. If clan leader agrees to the deal, I can bring him anytime you wish.”

ShangGuan JinHong began to think.

After a long time, until his face turned cold again, he said, “Li XunHuan’s worth nothing. I do not care for him at all.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “If so, I shall take my leave.”

He didn’t say another word, turned around, and began to walk away.

Long Xiao3Yun slowly walked to the door. He opened it.

ShangGuan JinHong suddenly said, “Hold on.”
A smug smile appeared on Long Xiao3Yun’s face. But by the time he turned around, his face only contained respect and submissiveness. He bowed and said, “What else does clan leader ask of me?”

ShangGuan JinHong did not look at him. He only looked at the candlelight on the table, and said, “What do you want to exchange for Li XunHuan’s life?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Father has long heard of clan leader’s fame. He felt sad never to have met clan leader.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “This is useless crap. Get to the point.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Father only wishes, in front of the heroes in the world, to become your sworn brother.”

Rage shot out of ShangGuan JinHong’s eyes, but it quickly disappeared. He said calmly, “It seems as if Long Xiao4Yun is quite a clever person. Too bad he would make such a stupid request.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Maybe so, but sometimes the stupidest ways are the most effective ways.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “You’re certain that I will accept this deal?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “If I weren’t, why risk my life to come here?”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “You’re Long Xiao4Yun’s only child, right?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “If so, he should not have sent you.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “But if he chose anyone else, that person would not have met clan leader.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “This was originally just a deal. But now that you’re here, the situation has changed.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “You think you use me to compel father to give you Li XunHuan, right?”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Exactly.”

Long Xiao3Yun suddenly chuckled, and said, “Clan leader might be all-knowing, but you’re wrong about father.”

ShangGuan JinHong snickered, and said, “You mean he’d rather see me kill you, than to give me Li XunHuan?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Exactly.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “You mean he’s not human?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “He is human. But there are many different types of humans.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Which type is he?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “The same as you. Anything can be used, be sacrificed, to achieve a goal.”

ShangGuan JinHong closed his mouth.

After a long time, he finally said, “For the past twenty years, no one has ever spoke to me this way.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Because of this, I can speak such words in front of you. To move you with these words.”

ShangGuan JinHong glared at him, and said, “If you don’t agree, would you actually let Li XunHuan go?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong let out a cold laugh, and said, “You’re not afraid that he might seek revenge?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “He’s a different type of a person. He’d never do such a thing.”

He laughed, and continued, “If he were, he’d never be in his current situation.”

ShangGuan JinHong yelled, “Even if you let him go, do you really think I can’t kill him myself?”

Long Xiao3Yun said calmly, “Little Li’s Flying Dagger never misses.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “You think I can’t dodge his dagger?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “At least you’re not certain, right?”

ShangGuan JinHong let out a humph.

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Considering clan leader’s position and achievements, why take such a needless risk?”

ShangGuan JinHong did not respond.

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Besides, although father’s martial arts and fame are only mediocre, he’s one of the cleverest person in the world. Clan leader will surely benefit from having such a sworn brother.”

ShangGuan JinHong pondered for a while, when he suddenly asked, “Li XunHuan is his sworn brother, right?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “If he can betray Li XunHuan, why can’t he betray me?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Because clan leader is not Li XunHuan.”

ShangGuan JinHong laughed. He said, “You’re right. Even if Long Xiao4Yun has the guts to betray me, he doesn’t have the means.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Does this mean that clan leader has agreed?”

ShangGuan JinHong stopped his laughter, and said, “How do I know that you have Li XunHuan?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “If clan leader would just send out notices to heroes of the world, inviting them to come to watch father and clan leader become sworn brothers…”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “You think they have the courage to come?”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “That doesn’t matter. Just as long as everyone knows about it.”

ShangGuan JinHong smirked, and said, “Very nice plan.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “I know clan leader would need more time to think. I’ll be living at the ‘Lucky Cloud Hotel’, waiting for clan leader’s response.”

He then added, “Once the notices are sent, and are received, I’ll escort Li XunHuan here.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Escort him here… Humph, you and your father probably don’t have this ability.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Of course I realize this. If Shaolin’s Reverend XinMei and Seventh Master Tian can’t do something, what chance do I have? However…”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Keep going.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “If Mr. Jin could help with the escort, then there would be no problems.”

ShangGuan JinHong did not respond.

Jin WuMing suddenly said, “I’ll go.”

For the first time, a smile appeared on Long Xiao3Yun’s face. He got on his knees and said, “Thank you.”

ShangGuan JinHong remained silent for a long time, before he suddenly asked, “Is your kung fu forever destroyed? The person who did this is Li XunHuan?”

Long Xiao3Yun’s face turned livid. He lowered his head further and said, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong looked at his face, and asked, “You hate him?”

Long Xiao3Yun thought for a long time, before he finally answered, “Yes.”

ShangGuan JinHong said, “Actually, not only should you not hate him, you should thank him.”

Long Xiao3Yun raised his head a tiny bit. He said, “Thank him?”

ShangGuan JinHong said coldly, “If he hadn’t destroyed your kung fu, you would’ve died today in this room.”

Long Xiao3Yun’s head lowered further back down.

ShangGuan JinHong said, “You already so devious at such a young age. In twenty years, you can actually be a match for me. How can let you live if you weren’t crippled?”

Long Xiao3Yun bit his teeth hard. So hard his gums began to bleed.

But his head remained lowered.

