# Chapter 56 : Sword out of the Sheath

Sword.

A very thin sword. Very light. Even the handle is made out of the lightest wood.

Any weapon can easily break this sword.

Yet when he attacks with this sword, no one can block it.

This is a very unique sword. Perhaps only one person in the world can use this sword, dare to use this sword.

Sword, rested right by the table, with some clean clothing.

When Ah Fei woke up, the first thing he noticed is this sword.

His eyes shined.

When he sees this sword, it’s like seeing a long-lost lover, an old best friend. Blood surged from his heart.

He slowly reached out with his hand, and grabbed the sword.

His hand began to shake. But once it held the sword’s handle, the hand calmed.

He held the sword, but his eyes gazed far… far… away…

His mind wandered into the distance.

He remembered when he first used a sword. The first time blood dripped off the point. All those people who died under his sword… those terrible people.

His blood began to boil.

That was a time of much grief and disaster, but also much splendor and excitement!

But that time has passed, passed for a long time now.

He already promised the woman he love, to forget all about the past!

Although he now lives a peaceful life, it’s also a lonely life. But what’s wrong with that? Isn’t it most people’s wish to live a serene life?

No footstep could be heard. Lin XianEr is already at the front door.

Although she looks a bit tired, her smile remained just as alluring.

No matter what he gave up, that smile could fully compensate.

Ah Fei immediately let go of the sword, and said with a smile, “You woke up earlier than me today. Looks like I’m getting lazier.”

Lin XianEr did not answer his question. She instead asked, “Do you like this sword?”

Ah Fei did not answer her question either. Because he doesn’t want to say the truth, but can’t lie.

Lin XianEr said, “Do you know where this sword came from?”

Ah Fei said, “No.”

Lin XianEr slowly walked up to him, and sat by his side. She said, “I asked someone to forge it last night.”

Ah Fei was shocked, and said, “You?”

Lin XianEr lifted the sword, and said, “Is this sword like the one you used to have?”

Ah Fei did not respond.

Lin XianEr said, “You don’t like it?”

Ah Fei thought for a long time, before he asked, “Why did you make this sword for me?”

Lin XianEr said, “Because you’ll need to use it.”

Ah Fei froze. He said, “You… you want me to kill?”

Lin XianEr said, “No. I want you to save someone.”

Ah Fei said, “Save someone? Who?”

Lin XianEr said, “Your best friend…”

Before she finished this sentence, Ah Fei jumped up and yelled, “Li XunHuan?”

Lin XianEr nodded. Ah Fei’s faced turned pure red, and said, “Where is he? What happened?”

Lin XianEr grabbed his hand, and said tenderly, “Sit down first. You have to be patient. Let me tell you the whole story.”

Ah Fei took several deep breaths, and finally sat down.

Lin XianEr said, “Other than you, there are four top level fighters in the world today. Do you know who they are?”

Ah Fei said, “Tell me.”

Lin XianEr said, “Number one is obviously the ‘Mysterious Old Man’, number two is ShangGuan JinHong. Of course, Li XunHuan, brother Li, is also at their level.”

Ah Fei said, “And the last person?”

Lin XianEr sighed, and said, “This one is called Jin WuMing. He’s the youngest, but also the scariest.”

Ah Fei said, “Scariest?”

Lin XianEr said, “Because he’s not human. He has no humanity. His biggest goal in life is to kill. His biggest pleasure comes from killing. Other than killing, he knows nothing, cares nothing.

There’s a glow in Ah Fei’s eyes. He said, “What weapon does he use?”

Lin XianEr put down that sword and said, “Sword!”

Ah Fei’s hand unconsciously picked up that sword, squeezing it tightly.

Lin XianEr said, “I heard that his sword art is as ruthless as yours, and also as fast.”

Ah Fei said, “I don’t know any sword art. I just know how to use the sword to strike my enemy’s throat.”

Lin XianEr said, “This is your type of sword art. The point of any sword art is the same.”

Ah Fei said, “So what you mean is… Li XunHuan’s in this person’s hand?”

Lin XianEr said, “Not just him, but also ShangGuan JinHong… But ShangGuan JinHong might not be there, just him.”

She won’t let Ah Fei respond, and quickly continued, “If you had never seen this man, you’d never know how scary he is! Your sword might be faster, but your person…”

Ah Fei bit his teeth, and said, “I just want to know where he is.”

Lin XianEr gently held his hand, and said, “I didn’t want you using a sword again, killing again, getting into danger again. But for brother Li… I… I have to let you go. I can’t be so selfish.”

Ah Fei looked at her. His face full of gratitude.

Tears poured down Lin XianEr’s face. She said, “I can tell you where he is. But you… you have to promise me one thing.”

Ah Fei said, “Promise what?”

Lin XianEr squeezed his hand, and said with tears, “You must promise me, that you’ll come back. I’ll wait for you forever…”

* * *

The carriage is very big.

Long Xiao3Yun sat in the corner, looking at the person before him.

This person stood.

Even while inside a carriage, this person stood.

No matter how bumpy the road is, he remained straight as a statue.

Long Xiao3Yun had never seen such a person. He couldn’t even imagine such a person.

He felt that most people in the world are idiots, people he can play around with.

But for someone reason, in front of this person, he felt a little scared.

As long as this person is here, he would fell a killing aura surrounding him.

But he’s also very pleased.

ShangGuan JinHong agreed to everything he asked.

The notice has been sent. Most people have seen them. The ceremony is set for next month.

Now, with Jin WuMing with him, Li XunHuan is certainly dead.

He can’t think of a single reason how Li XunHuan could survive.

He took a deep breath, and closed his eyes. A beautiful face appeared in his mind, lying in his lap, telling him sweetly, “You really aren’t a kid anymore. You know so much more than most people. I really can’t figure out where you learn these things.”
Long Xiao3Yun couldn’t help but smile at this point.

“Some things don’t have to be learnt. You just know when you’re ready.”

He felt that he’s already an adult.

This feeling is bound to make most young boys feel delighted.

Young boys do their best to be like adults. Old men do their best to be like little kids… This is certainly one of the oddities of life.

Anyone else, at this point, would stop thinking.

But Long Xiao3Yun thought deeper, “Why did she come to me?”

“Does she want to know about Li XunHuan’s location?”

When he thought of this, Long Xiao3Yun became more awake. “Why would she want to know where Li XunHuan is?”

“Does she want to save Li XunHuan?”

Of course this can’t be the case. Long Xiao3Yun knew how much Lin XianEr hates Li XunHuan. He also knew that she once tried to use ShangGuan JinHong to kill Li XunHuan.

“Then why?”

He couldn’t think further, because he can’t come up with a reason.

He didn’t know that the situation has changed. At that time, Lin XianEr did want ShangGuan JinHong to kill Li XunHuan. But now, it’s very different.

If she wants to keep a deadlocked situation with ShangGuan JinHong, then she must not let Li XunHuan and Ah Fei die!

Or ShangGuan JinHong would crush her, because ShangGuan JinHong had already let slip, “I am me. I’m neither Ah Fei, nor Jin WuMing. We’re just using each other. When we no longer need each other, we can say goodbye!”

The directions of winds in the martial world, changes no less than the heart of a woman. No one can guess which way it will blow.

The carriage stopped at busiest spot in the city, in front of a very large and showy silk store.

Is Li XunHuan hidden here?

Long Xiao4Yun and his son really are geniuses. They know that crowded places make for the best hiding places.

Long Xiao3Yun stood up, and said, “After you.”

Jin WuMing said, “You go first.”

This is the first time he ever spoke to Long Xiao3Yun.

He doesn’t want to walk in front of anyone. Wants even less to have someone walk behind him.

They walked across the store.

In the back is the storage room.

Is Li XunHuan hidden here? This is certainly a good spot.

But Long Xiao3Yun kept going, past the storage room.

They went past the back door.

There’s a horse carriage past the back door.

Long Xiao3Yun didn’t say anything this time. He bowed courteously towards Jin WuMing, and got on the carriage.

So Li XunHuan’s not here.

Long Xiao3Yun only came here to escape potential followers.

This father and son pair really is quite sneaky.

The horse carriage headed out the city.

Then they stopped at a rice storage house outside the city. But this isn’t where Li XunHuan’s hidden either.

Here, they got off the carriage, and went on a cow-cart for carrying rice.

This new cart took them back into the city. It’s quite crowded to hide inside. Long Xiao3Yun said, “Sorry about this.”

Jin WuMing did not say anything.

Their plan was flawless. Their movements were quick, the change in direction was sharp, and sudden.

Even the best followers would not be able to keep up.

Long Xiao3Yun knew Jin WuMing won’t praise him. He just hoped Jin WuMing would show some sort of smile on the face.

If someone does something he’s very proud of, but doesn’t get praised. It’s like a woman wearing her sexiest dress to see her lover, and her lover doesn’t even look at her dress.

Besides, Long Xiao3Yun is still, after all, a kid.

Kids and women’s minds work in similar ways.

Yet Jin WuMing was expressionless.

The carriage entered a quiet street. This street only has seven households.

All seven households are either royal relatives or big officials.

Suddenly, one of the doors opened.

The carriage entered the door.

Everyone knew that this is mayor Fan LinQuan’s house.

How could people in the martial world get involved with someone like him?

No one would believe this.

But waiting in the main hall, is none other than Long Xiao4Yun.

When Jin WuMing exited the carriage, Long Xiao4Yun walked toward him, and said with a smile, “I’ve long heard of Mr. Jin’s name. It’s amazing that I got to see you today.”

Jin WuMing just gazed at his own sword. He didn’t even look at Long Xiao4Yun.

Long Xiao4Yun still kept his smile, said, “I’ve already prepared food and wine. Please help yourself.”

Jin WuMing still stood there motionless. He said coldly, “Li XunHuan is here?”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “This is Official Fan’s home. Official Fan wanted a vacation a few days back. The Emperor allowed him a three-month break.”

When he got here, a smug expression appeared on Long Xiao4Yun’s face. He continued, “Elder Fan does not have any relatives. And his governor is a good friend of mine. So after he left, I borrowed it for a while.”

Actually, the way he got this place is quite simple, because money can get one in into many places. Yet most people would never think of this trick.

No wonder Long Xiao4Yun would feel smug.

Jin WuMing still stared at his own hand. He suddenly said, “You think no one could possibly follow us here?”

Long Xiao4Yun’s expression changed, but he still smiled, “If someone can follow you here, I’ll kowtow to him, in admiration.”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “Then be prepared to kowtow.”

Long Xiao4Yun said with a smile, “But if…”

After these two words, he stopped speaking. His smile quickly disappeared.

Long Xiao3Yun followed his father’s gaze. His white face turned green.

A person stood in the corner of the room.

No one knew when he came, or how.

