# Chapter 57 : Fireworks

He wore an ordinary green robe. It was very clean when he first put it on, but now it’s filled with mud and sweat. The pants are torn at the knees.

His body is quite dirty, his hair messed up.

But while this person stood there, Long Xiao4Yun could feel a killing aura bearing down on him.

This person looked just like the sword on his waist.

A sword without a sheath!

Ah Fei!

Ah Fei did come after all.

Perhaps only Ah Fei could follow them here!

The trickiest, most evasive animal is the fox.

Even the smartest, best-trained dog might not be able to catch a fox.

But Ah Fei caught a fox with his bear hands at the age of eleven.

It was a grueling task to follow them, which is why he’s so dirty.

But this is the real Ah Fei.

Only like this, can he exude his courage, his coldness, and his intimidating savageness!

A calm type of savageness! An extraordinary type of savageness!

Long Xiao4Yun quickly regained his composure. He said, “So it’s brother Ah Fei. Nice to meet you.”

Ah Fei glared at him coldly.

Long Xiao4Yun said, “I really admire you for making it here.”

Ah Fei still glared at him coldly. His eyes were bright and sharp. After two days of following, his eyes regained part of its original intensity.

An intensity that rivaled Jin WuMing’s.

Long Xiao4Yun smiled, and said, “Although you are a great tracker, Mr. Jin was still able to discover you.”

Ah Fei looked at Jin WuMing.

Their eyes met, like a sharp sword striking a cold, dark hard rock.

No one knows if the sword is sharper? Or the stone is harder?

Although neither person spoke, sparks came out of their gazes.

Long Xiao4Yun looked at Jin WuMing, then at Ah Fei. He said, “Although Mr. Jin discovered you, he never said anything. Do you know why?”

Ah Fei was seemingly drawn to Jin WuMing. His head never turned.

Long Xiao4Yun chuckled, and said, “Because Mr. Jin wants you to be here.”

He then turned towards Jin WuMing and said, “Am I right, Mr. Jin?”

Jin WuMing’s also seemingly drawn to Ah Fei’s gaze. He didn’t move either.

After a long time, Long Xiao4Yun began to laugh, and said, “There’s only one reason why Mr. Jin wanted you here. Because he wants to kill you!”

Finally, Ah Fei’s gaze moved toward Jin WuMing’s sword.

Jin WuMing’s gaze seemingly also moved towards Ah Fei’s sword.

These might be the most similar swords in the world!

Neither sword could be considered incredible weapons, made by top weapon smiths.

Although both swords are sharp, they are too thin, too fragile! Too easily broken.

Although the swords are similar, they are positioned differently.

Ah Fei’s sword is located at the front of his waist, the handle tilted towards the right.

Jin WuMing’s sword is located on the right side, the handle tilted towards the left.

But in between these two swords, there seems to an unusual magnetic attraction.

The two men’s eyes gazed intently at each other’s sword. They walked toward each other, but their eyes never left the swords.

By the time they’re about two meters from each other, both suddenly stopped!

Then, both stood as still as statues.

Jin WuMing wore a simple and short yellow robe. The robe only goes to his knees. His cuffs are very tight. His fingers thin and long, but the bones stick out, showing incredible strength.

Ah Fei’s robe is even shorter. His fingers are also very thin and long, but they are very strong, as if made of stone.

Neither grooms much, but their nails are both very short.

They don’t want anything to affect their speed of pulling out swords.

These might be the two most similar people in the world!

Now they’ve finally met.

Only when the two are standing together, and you get to examine them closely, can you see beyond their superficial similarities, and see their differences.

Jin WuMing’s face looks like a mask. His expression never changes.

Although Ah Fei’s face is also serious, cold. But at any time, a fire could burn from within those eyes at any time, so much fire it could even burn his own body and soul.

But Jin WuMing’s whole body is dead.

Perhaps before his life even begun, his body had died.

Ah Fei is amazingly patient, can wait, yet will not endure anyone.

Jin WuMing can kill someone for a single word, perhaps even a single glance. Yet when necessary, he could endure anything.

Both are unusual, but very scary.

No one knew why Heaven would make such two people, why make them meet.

It’s late autumn.

The leaves are withered.

The wind is not blowing heavily, but yellow leaves continuously float down. Could it be because of the killing auras?

An unspeakable chill rose into the air.

Although the two swords are still at their waists. Although the two people have not even moved their hands. But Long Xiao4Yun and his son are already gasping for air.

Suddenly, cold lights shined!

Ten flashes of light streaked across the air, towards Ah Fei!

Long Xiao4Yun had attacked.

Obviously, he didn’t expect these darts to actually hit Ah Fei. But if Ah Fei has to deal with these darts, Jin WuMing’s sword can penetrate his throat!

The sword flashed in the air!

A streak of ‘ding ding’ sounds could be heard. The cold flashes fell to the ground.

Jin WuMing’s sword came out. The point of his sword streaked by Ah Fei’s ear.

Ah Fei’s hand had held his sword, but the sword remained in his waist.

The darts were cut down by Jin WuMing.

The Long father and son’s faces sank.

Jin WuMing and Ah Fei stared at each other. No expressions appeared on their faces.

Then, Jin WuMing slowly put his sword back into his sheath.

Ah Fei’s hand loosened the grip on his sword.

After a long time, Jin WuMing suddenly said, “You realized that my sword aimed at those darts, and not at you?”

Ah Fei said, “Yes.”

When the darts came, Jin WuMing’s sword came out. Other than reaching for his sword, Ah Fei showed no movement.

Before Ah Fei could respond, Jin WuMing added, “But your reactionary speed has slowed dpwm.”

Ah Fei thought for a long time. A gloomy expression appeared on his face, as he said, “You’re right!”

Jin WuMing said, “I can kill you!”
Ah Fei didn’t even have to think, “Yes.”

Long Xiao4Yun and his son looked at each other. Both let out a sigh of relief.

Jin WuMing suddenly said, “But I won’t kill you!”

The Long father and son’s expression changed again.

Ah Fei examined Jin WuMing’s dead, gray eyes carefully. After a long time, he said, “You won’t kill me?”

Jin WuMing said, “I won’t kill you, because you are Ah Fei!”

His eyes let out an indescribable painful expression. His eyes are even gloomier than Ah Fei’s.

His mind wandered into the distance, and saw a person.

A mixture of a goddess and a devil.

After a long time, he continued, “If I were you, you could kill me today.”

Perhaps not even Ah Fei could understand this. Only Jin WuMing would know.

Anyone who lived two years like Ah Fei, would have worse reactionary speed. Besides, he had been taking sleeping drugs every night for the past two years.

These drugs can certainly make anyone react more slowly.

The reason Jin WuMing isn’t going to kill Ah Fei, is obviously not because of sympathy. It’s just that he understands Ah Fei’s pain, because he’s also experiencing that type of pain.

Perhaps he wants Ah Fei to live, so someone could share his pain.

When a lovesick person knew that someone else has also been discarded, his pain would lessen. When a man who lost money sees others losing even more money, he’d feel better.

Ah Fei just stood there, as if trying to absorb Jin WuMing’s words.

Jin WuMing said, “You can go now.”

Ah Fei raised his head, and said emphatically, “I’m not leaving.”

Jin WuMing said, “You won’t leave? You want me to kill you?”

Ah Fei said, “Yes!”

Long Xiao3Yun suddenly yelled, “What about Lin XianEr? You’re willing to leave her behind?”

These words struck Ah Fei like needles sticking into his heart. His body slumped.

Jin WuMing turned toward Long Xiao4Yun, and said slowly, “I like to kill people. I like to kill them myself. Understand?”

Long Xiao4Yun forced a smile, and said, “I understand.”

Jin WuMing said, “You better understand, or I will kill you.”

He looked away from Long Xiao4Yun, and said, “Where’s Li XunHuan? Take me to him.”

Long Xiao4Yun glanced at Ah Fei, and said, “What about him…”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “I can kill him anytime I want to!”

Ah Fei only felt his stomach churning. He suddenly bent down and began to vomit.

He vomited bitter saliva, only bitter saliva.

Because he hadn’t eaten anything the past two days.

“You must promise me, that you’ll come back. I’ll wait for you forever…”

These are the words of the woman he loves.

For these words, he can’t die.

But Li XunHuan…

Li XunHuan’s not just his best friend, but also the his idol. How could he stand here, watching someone else kill Li XunHuan?

He continued to vomit.

Now, he’s coughing out blood.

* * *

Li XunHuan doesn’t know where he is. He doesn’t care.

He can’t tell night from day.

He can’t even move, because all his main pressure points are sealed.

No food, no water.

He’s been here for over ten days.

Even if his pressure points weren’t sealed, the hunger was enough to immobilize him.

Jin WuMing glared at him

He lied at the corner of the room.

The room is quite dim. No one could see his expression. They could only see his dirty, ragged shirt, thin, weak face, and those miserable eyes.

Jin WuMing suddenly said, “So this is Li XunHuan?”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “Yes!”

Jin WuMing looked seemingly disappointed, and doesn’t quite believe Long Xiao4Yun. He said, “This is the famous Little Li Tan Hua?”

Long Xiao4Yun sighed, and said, “I didn’t want to do this to him. But… ‘Men may not want to hurt tigers, but tigers want to hurt men.’ Circumstances dictated that I must do this.”

Jin WuMing remained silent for a while, then said, “Where’s his dagger?”

Long Xiao4Yun thought for a moment, and then said, “Does Mr. Jin wants to see his dagger?”

Jin WuMing did not respond, because this question is pointless.

Long Xiao4Yun finally took out a dagger.

The dagger is very light, very short, very thin, like a piece of leaf.

Jin WuMing held the dagger tightly, as if he doesn’t want to let it go.

Long Xiao4Yun said with a smile, “Actually, this is a very ordinary dagger. It’s hardly a piercing weapon.”

Jin WuMing said, “Piercing weapon? Are you even qualified to say what a piercing weapon is?”

His eyes suddenly glanced at Long Xiao4Yun, and said, “Do you even know what a piercing weapon is?”

His eyes are still the dead, gray color they always were. But there’s something insidious about them, as if they are the devil’s eyes in your nightmares. So frightening you feel scared even after waking up.”

Long Xiao4Yun found that he began to have trouble breathing. He forced a smile, and said, “Please enlighten me.”

Jin WuMing’s eyes returned to the dagger. He said, “If it can kill, then it’s a piercing weapon. Otherwise, even the most prized and the sharpest weapons, when they fall into the hands of people like you, are just junk.”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “Yes, yes. Mr. Jin is quite correct. I understand…”

Jin WuMing didn’t even listen to him. He suddenly said, “Do you know how many people died under this type of dagger?”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “Probably… probably too many to count.”

Jin WuMing said, “It’s countable!”

Although the Golden Money Clan has only been around for two years, they’ve already done vast amounts of research on all the details of the martial world. ShangGuan JinHong’s mottos are

“Every detail is important. Don’t overlook anything.”

“A piece of tillage, a piece of harvest.’

It’s not luck that the Golden Money Clan has become so dominant.

Long Xiao4Yun had also heard, that even before the clan appeared, ShangGuan JinHong had already studied every single famous person in the martial world.

How much effort did it take to do this?

Long Xiao4Yun doesn’t seem to believe him, and couldn’t help asking, “If so, how many?”

Jin WuMing said, “Sixty-seven.”
He then added coldly, “Among these sixty-seven, none of them had lower kung fu than you.”

Long Xiao4Yun could only smile along. His gaze turned toward Li XunHuan, as if asking him to confirm this.

But Li XunHuan doesn’t seem to have the energy to do anything.

Long Xiao3Yun suddenly said with a smile, “If Li XunHuan died from this type of dagger, hehe. Wouldn’t that be something?”

Before he finished speaking, the dagger shined, streaking towards Li XunHuan.

Long Xiao3Yun almost jumped in excitement.

But the dagger did not land in Li XunHuan’s throat, but rather in a stone besides Li XunHuan.

So Jin WuMing is an expert on hidden weapons too.

Jin WuMing suddenly said, “Unseal his pressure points.”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “But…”

Jin WuMing didn’t give him a chance to respond. He said coldly, “I said, unseal his pressure points.”

Long Xiao4Yun and his son looked at each other. They realized Jin WuMing’s intentions.

Long Xiao4Yun said, “Clan Leader ShangGuan only wants Li XunHuan’s person. He doesn’t have to be alive.”

Long Xaio3Yun said, “Old Uncle ShangGuan doesn’t drink. So he obviously hates drunkards. Only a dead drunkard is a drunkard that can’t drink, and won’t look so loathsome.”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “Besides, it’s certainly easier to escort a dead person than a live one.”

Long Xiao3Yun said, “Of course, Mr. Jin would surely not kill a person who can’t defend himself. So…”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “You are talking way too much.”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “Yes, yes. I’ll go unseal his pressure points now.”

He was the one who sealed Li XunHuan’s pressure points. So this wasn’t a difficult task for him.

Long Xiao4Yun patted Li XunHuan on the shoulders, and said tenderly, “Brother, looks like Mr. Jin wants to duel with you. Mr. Jin’s swordsmanship is world-renowned. You should be very careful.”

At this moment, he could actually call Li XunHuan ‘brother’. And say it in a caring manner.

How could you not be in awe of him?

Li XunHuan did not say anything.

There’s nothing else to say. He just smiled weakly, and slowly pulled out the dagger by his side.

He stared at the dagger. Tears seemingly came down his eyes.

This is the world-famous dagger that has never missed.

Now, the dagger is in his hand.

But does he have the energy to still release it?

A woman losing her beauty, a hero reaching the end of the road. Both are tragedies of life.

One can’t help but pity them.

But at this moment, no one pitied him.

Long Xiao3Yun’s eyes glowed. He said with a smile, “Little Li’s Flying Dagger never misses. But I wonder if it will still work this time.”

Li XunHuan raised his head and looked at Long Xiao3Yun. Then he lowered it back down again.

Jin WuMing said, “When I’m about to kill someone, I have to give my opponent a chance. This is your last chance, understand?”

Li XunHuan smiled, a very pitiful smile.

Jin WuMing said, “Ok. You can get up now.”

Li XunHuan began to cough.

Long Xiao3Yun said tenderly, “If Uncle Li can’t get up, I can help you.”

He blinked his eyes, and quickly continued with a smile, “But I don’t think that’ll be necessary. I heard that Uncle Li could release his dagger even while lying down.”

Li XunHuan sighed, and seemingly wanted to speak.

But before he could do so, a person came in.

Ah Fei!

There’s seemingly no blood on Ah Fei’s face. But there is a bit on the side of his mouth.

At this moment, he looked a lot older.

He flew in at lightning speed. But once he entered the room, he became still as a statue.

Jin WuMing said, “You still won’t give up?”

Li XunHuan raised his head. Tears came out the side of his eyes.

Ah Fei only glanced at him, just a glance. Then he turned toward Jin WuMing, and said, “Before killing him, you must kill me!”

He said this very calmly, very seriously. There’s no sign of excitement in his voice.

This showed his resolve.

Jin WuMing’s eyes changed into a different type of expression. He said, “You don’t care about her anymore?”

Ah Fei said, “Even if I die, she can still live on.”

He said this calmly. But a hint of sadness appeared on his face. His breathing quickened.

Jin WuMing saw this.

He seemingly became more content upon hearing these words, and said, “You don’t care that she’ll be sad?”

Ah Fei said, “If I can’t live contently, then it’s better to die. If I don’t die, she will be sadder.”

Jin WuMing said, “You think she’s that kind of a person?”

Ah Fei said, “Of course!”

In Ah Fei’s mind, Lin XianEr’s not just a goddess, but also a saint.

A faint smile appeared on the side of Jin WuMing’s mouth.

No one had ever seen him smile. Even he himself doesn’t remember when he first smiled.

He smiled very awkwardly, because his muscles don’t seem to know how to smile.

He has never wanted to smile, because a smile and soften a person’s heart.

But this is a different type of a smile… this smile is sharp as a sword. Except swords hurt people’s body, this smile hurts their feelings.

Ah Fei doesn’t understand this smile at all. He said coldly, “You don’t have to smile. Although there’s an eight percent chance that you’ll kill me, there’s also a twenty percent chance that I’ll kill you.”

Jin WuMing’s smile disappeared. He said, “Since I told you that I won’t kill you, I’m not going to spare your life.”

Ah Fei said, “No need.”

Jin WuMing said, “I want to see you alive, so I can see…”

Before he finished this sentence, swords flashed.

The sword lights shined past each other, streaking fast as lightening.

But another flash streaked even faster than the swords. What is it?

In the next moment, all the flashes disappeared.

All movements stopped.

