# Chapter 58 : Hero

Jin WuMing’s sword had penetrated Ah Fei’s right shoulder. But the sword only went in an inch.

Ah Fei’s sword is still a few inches from Jin WuMing’s throat.

Blood flowed down Ah Fei’s shoulder, turning his shirt red.

Why did Jin WuMing’s sword stop?

On the back of Jin WuMing’s shoulder, sticks a dagger!

Little Li’s Flying Dagger!

What kind of force allowed Li XunHuan to release this dagger?

Long Xiao4Yun and Long Xiao3Yun’s faces turned white. Their hands shook, as they slowly backed off. Both wondered where Li XunHuan got his energy.

Li XunHuan got up!

Jin WuMing turned around, and examined Li XunHuan. There’s still no expression on his face. After a long time, he finally said, “Great dagger!”

Li XunHuan chuckled, and said, “Not really. It’s just that you took me too lightly. Or I might not have been able to hurt you!”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “By being able to trick me, you’ve shown to be superior.”

Li XunHuan said, “I didn’t trick you, nor said that I have no power to release the dagger. You simply thought this way. Your eyes lied to you.”

Jin WuMing thought for a moment, then said, “You’re right. I made the mistake. It had nothing to do with you.”

Li XunHuan said, “Good. You might be a killer, but at least not a conniving person.”

Jin WuMing glanced at Long Xiao4Yun and his son, then said coldly, “Conniving people aren’t qualified to be killers.”

Li XunHuan said, “You can go now.”

Jin WuMing said, “Why didn’t you kill me?”

Li XunHuan said, “Because you didn’t plan on killing my friend.”

Jin WuMing lowered his head, and looked at the dagger on his shoulder. He said, “But I wanted to cripple his arm with my strike.”

Li XunHuan said, “I know.”

Jin WuMing said, “But my dagger wound is very light.”

Li XunHuan said, “ ‘Someone grants me one penny, I repay him three pennies back.’ ”

Jin WuMing raised his head, and looked at Li XunHuan closely. Although he spoke no words, a strange change occurred in Jin WuMing’s eyes. He looked at Li XunHuan similar to how he looked at ShangGuan JinHong.

Li XunHuan said, “I also want to tell you two more things.”

Jin WuMing said, “What?”

Li XunHuan said, “Although I’ve injured sixty-seven people, twenty-eight of them did not die. Those who died deserved it.”

Jin WuMing did not speak.

Li XunHuan coughed a few times lightly, then continued, “I’ve never wrongly killed anyone in my life! That’s why… I hope that you’ll think twice before you kill.”

Jin WuMing thought for a long time, then said, “I also want to tell you something.”

Li XunHuan said, “I’m listening.”

Jin WuMing said, “I never accept anyone’s kindness, nor accept anyone’s lecture!”

At this moment, he suddenly slapped the dagger down with his hand.

The dagger pierced through his body, coming out on the other side.

Blood came out!

‘Dang’, the sword also dropped to the ground.

Jin WuMing’s body shook for a moment, but his face remained expressionless. He showed no signs of pain, neither on his face, nor his body.

He didn’t say a single word, nor looked at anyone. He simply walked out the room!

Hero? … What’s a hero like? Is he a hero?

A hero usually represents: Coldness! Brutality! Loneliness! Ruthless!

Someone has said this about heroes:

Kill people as if they were grass, gamble like there’s no tomorrow, always drink good wine, and a lecher with no regret!

Of course, not all heroes are like this. Some are different.

But how many heroes are there like Li XunHuan?

There might be only one thing in common among heroes. That is, all heroes lead depressing lives.

Ah Fei sighed deeply, and said, “He probably can never use a sword again in his life.”

Li XunHuan said, “He still has his right hand.”

Ah Fei said, “But he’s used to using the left hand. His right hand would be much slower.”

He sighed again, and continued, “For a swordsman, ‘slow’ means ‘death’.”

He almost never sighs.

But now, he not only sighed for Jin WuMing, but also himself.

Li XunHuan examined him, and then said, “If a person has the willpower, even if he has no hand, he would still be able to use a fast sword held by his mouth. If one’s dejected, even if he has the use of both hands, would still find both hands useless.”

He chuckled, and continued, “Many people in the world has two perfectly healthy hands. But how many of those hands have blazing speed?”

Ah Fei listened carefully. After a while, a bright glow appeared in his eyes.

He suddenly rushed over to Li XunHuan’s side, grabbed his arms, and said, “I understand what you mean.”

Li XunHuan said, “I knew you’d understand.”

When he finished these words, tears came down both of their faces. If a third person could watch this, he’d certainly be moved.

Too bad Long Xiao4Yun and his son are not this type of people. They were quietly trying to get away.

Li XunHuan’s back was toward them. He didn’t seem to notice.

Ah Fei seemingly glanced at them, but didn’t say anything.

Only after till they were out the door, did Ah Fei sigh, and said, “I knew you were going to let them go.”

Li XunHuan chuckled, and said, “He once saved me.”

Ah Fei said, “He saved you once, but he had hurt you many times.”

Li XunHuan chuckled, and said, “It’s not that I forgot about them. But rather, I never remember these things, because he has his worries too.”

Ah Fei thought for a while, then suddenly smiled. He said, “I finally realized, that there are many things in this world which are not fair.”

Li XunHuan said, “Not fair?”

Ah Fei said, “Not fair. For example, some people might be virtuous their whole life, but only made one mistake. Yet this one mistake would follow them their whole lives. Not only could others not forgive them, not even they could forgive themselves.”

Li XunHuan did not respond.

He realized that Ah Fei’s words are true.

Ah Fei continued, “Yet there are people like Long Xiao4Yun. He might’ve done only one good thing in life, and that is by saving you. So you’d never think that he’s too bad a person.”

Li XunHuan suddenly realized why Ah Fei’s saying all this.

He’s trying to argue for Lin XianEr.

He feels that Lin XianEr has only done one thing wrong in life, yet Li XunHuan would never forgive her.

‘Love’ really is amazing. Sometimes it’s sweet, sometimes it’s bitter, sometimes it’s very scary… It can turn people into idiots, and turn people’s eyes blind.

When Long Xiao4Yun and his son escaped, both felt very pleased with themselves.

Long Xiao4Yun couldn’t help but smile and said, “Remember. All take advantage of other people’s weaknesses. If you can take advantage of your opponents, you’ll never lose.”
Long Xiao3Yun said, “I now know all of Li XunHuan’s weaknesses.”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “So we’re bound to get him sooner or later.”

He suddenly heard someone laugh.

Li XunHuan laughed quite strangely. He said, “Some memories are forgotten quickly, but others will stay with you forever.”

Ah Fei sighed, and said, “That’s because you refuse to remember some memories.”

He might be only a young man, but his views on certain things in life are deeper than most grown man.

Li XunHuan said, “While you may refuse to remember certain things, your mind can’t help but think about them. A person can never choose what he remembers. Perhaps this is one of the sadness of life.”

Ah Fei said, “What about you? Can you honestly just remember that he had once saved you? That you had forgotten about everything else?”

The laughter came from the opposite rooftop.

A person sat on the rooftop, eating a piece of chicken. He’s none other than Crazy Hu.

His eyes looked only at the chicken, and not at Long Xiao4Yun or his son. He seemingly finds the chicken much more pleasing to the eyes.

He said, “You don’t have to run away so quickly. Li XunHuan won’t come after you. Or he wouldn’t have let you out the door in the first place.”

Long Xiao4Yun’s face suddenly turned very nasty.

He just realized where Li XunHuan got his strength.

But he can’t offend Crazy Hu.

Long Xiao4Yun suddenly chuckled, and said, “I’m quite apologetic that you have to take care of my brother these past days.”

Crazy Hu said, “It’s not a big deal. Li XunHuan doesn’t eat much. He only needs two chicken legs and a piece of bread a day. Besides, you have an idiot guarding the door. I just sealed his sleeping pressure points twice a day, and he actually thought that he naturally dozed off.”

Long Xiao4Yun grinded his teeth. He wished to see that guard sleep forever right now.

Crazy Hu continued, “Obviously, I repay all my debts. But now we’re even. And I never care to speak to the likes of you anyway.”

Long Xiao4Yun could only pretend to smile along.

Crazy Hu said, “But I do have to tell you one last thing before I leave.”

Long Xiao4Yun said, “I’m listening.”

Crazy Hu said, “You might be a load of crap, but ShangGuan JinHong is a bigger load of crap. If you want to be his sworn brother, I suggest you find a rope to hang yourself instead.”

This really is the last thing he said. When he finished talking, he left in a flash.

Long Xiao4Yun smiled, and said, “Never thought so many people would know about ShangGuan JinHong and I becoming sworn brothers.”

* * *

They walked slowly.

Li XunHuan and Ah Fei did not talk.

They knew that silence can sometimes be more precious than words.

Dusk.

A person is blowing a flute. The music also carried a rustle of the autumn air.

This type of music tends to bring back one’s memories, and make them think of loved ones.

Ah Fei suddenly said, “I need to get back.”

Li XunHuan said, “She’s waiting for you?”

Ah Fei said, “Yes.”

Li XunHuan did not respond. After a while, he couldn’t help but ask, “You’re certain that she’s going to wait for you?”

Ah Fei’s face turned white. After a long time, he finally said, “She asked me to come rescue you.”

Li XunHuan’s at a loss for words.

He understood Lin XianEr’s mind quiet well. But can’t figure out why she would do this.

Ah Fei said, “There are two most important people in my life. I hope… you can become friends.”

He spoke this very slowly, in fragments, very painfully.

Upon seeing his pain, Li XunHuan couldn’t help but feel for him.

Only someone who has loved, knows just how powerful and scary love is.

Li XunHuan suddenly said, “I want to see her too.”

Ah Fei’s lips closed tightly.

Li XunHuan said, “If it’s inconvenient, you can just tell her that I said thanks.”

Ah Fei finally said, “I… I just hope that you won’t hurt her.”

Ah Fei really shouldn’t have said these words. Because he knew that Li XunHuan never hurts anyone else… just himself.

He only said this because of Lin XianEr.

Raising their heads, a sea of candlelight greeted their eyes.

For some reason, they’ve managed to return to that busy street.

This street is livelier at night than the day. There are all kinds of little shops here, each with many bright candles lighting up the merchandises.

A row of candy gourds sparkled under the lights.

Li XunHuan suddenly stopped.

A face seemingly appeared on the surface of each candy gourd.

A face of a young girl wearing a red dress, with big eyes and a bright smile.

Then, he saw that dumpling restaurant.

“Is LingLing still there?”

Li XunHuan felt very ashamed, because he totally forgot about her.

He saw that Ah Fei has the same expression LingLing had when she came… Ah Fei had never been to this type of place before.

Li XunHuan laughed.

He’s happy that his friend hasn’t lost touch with his inner child.

Ah Fei suddenly said, “It’s been a long time since we last drank together.”

Li XunHuan said, “You want a drink?”

Ah Fei said, “For some reason, only when I’m with you, do I feel like drinking.”

Then Ah Fei also laughed.

Li XunHuan’s mood also brightened up. He said, “How about we go to that dumpling house over there?”

Ah Fei said with a smile, “Sure. I can’t afford anything more expensive anyway.”

Some things in life really are strange.

For example:

The uglier the woman, the more likely she is to do strange things. The poorer the person, the more he is to treat others to meals.

It really is quite enjoyable to treat others to a meal. Too bad not many people know how to enjoy such a thing.

In a corner table, sat a white-robed man.

Li XunHuan saw him immediately upon entering.

Anyone would be attracted by this man.

Although this place is filled with smoke and oil, his clothing looked bright and clean. The robe looked seemingly just washed.

The robe looks very simple, but also very luxurious.

But the most striking part about him is his mannerism.

He has an indescribable charisma about him.

All the tables around him are empty. Because everyone would feel unworthy of sitting next to him.

He is the same person who used a silver nugget to break the green-robed burly man’s pole. The same person who broke the silver nugget into pieces with his hand.

Why is he still here? Is he waiting for someone?

He just picked up his cup. But when Li XunHuan came in, he stopped. His eyes moved towards Li XunHuan’s face.

To the opposite of him sat another person. She’s a young girl in a red dress, with long ponytails.

