# Chapter 59 : Courage

Following his eyes, she turned around and saw Li XunHuan. Then she dashed over to him, grabbing his waist tightly.

She said with a big smile, “I knew you would come. I knew you wouldn’t forget me.”

LingLing really did wait for him…

Li XunHuan looked excited. He grabbed her hands and said, “You… you’ve been waiting all this time?”

LingLing nodded. She bit her lips and said, “Why did you come so late? You had me so worried…”

Ah Fei suddenly said, “You really were waiting for him?”

Only now did LingLing notice Ah Fei. Her expression changed… Of course she knew Ah Fei, but Ah Fei had never seen her.

LingLing blinked her eyes, before she finally said, “If I weren’t waiting for him, then what am I here for?”

Ah Fei said coldly, “You can be here for many reasons. But if you were waiting for someone, your eyes should be gazing the front door. Anyone waiting for someone would not have his back turned against the door.”

Li XunHuan didn’t expect Ah Fei to say this.

Ah Fei never likes to hurt others’ feelings. Yet his words had become so sharp, so scary.

Because he can’t tolerate anyone lying to his friend.

Li XunHuan sighed inside.

Ah Fei examines things deeper than most people in this world.

So how did he become so blind in front of Lin XianEr?

LingLing’s eyes turned red. Tears quickly came down her eyes, as she said, “If you had ever waited in the same place for over ten days, you’d know why my back’s toward the door.”

She wiped away some tears, and continued, “At first, my heart would jump every time a customer came in, thinking he’s back. But after a while, I found that if the person you’re waiting for won’t come, watching the door is pointless. Watching would only make you more depressed.”

Ah Fei did not respond.

He found that he had spoke too much.

LingLing lowered her head, and said, “If it weren’t for that brother Lu accompanying me, I’d probably go crazy.”

Li XunHuan’s eyes turned towards the white-robed man, meeting his gaze.

Li XunHuan walked over, and said, “Thank you…”

The white-robed man cut him off, “No need to thank me. I stayed not to accompany her, but to wait for you.”

Li XunHuan said, “Wait for me?”

The white-robed man said, “Right.”

He smiled, and continued, “Not many people in the world are worthy enough for me to wait. Little Li Tan Hua is one of them.”

Before Li XunHuan could respond, LingLing suddenly said, “I never told you who he is. How come you know him?”

The white-robed man said, “If you want to travel in the martial world, and live a bit longer, you really should recognize a few people. Little Li Tan Hua is one of them.”

Ah Fei suddenly said, “Who are the others?”

The white-robed man glared at him, and said, “At the very least, you and I both count!”

Ah Fei looked at his own hands, an indescribable dreariness appeared in his eyes. He sat down on a neighboring table, and said, “BaiGan Wine!”

The waiter said, “What kind of dishes do you want to go with that?”

Ah Fei said, “Wine, yellow wine.”

Anyone who knows about drinking, knows that the fastest way to get drunk is by accompanying wine with wine, using yellow wine to accompany BaiGan wine.”

But most people don’t use this combination. Because unless a person is incredibly miserable, he doesn’t really want to get drunk too fast.

The white-robed man watched him intently.

His penetrating eyes slowly relaxed, then seemingly looked disappointed. But when those eyes turned toward Li XunHuan, they immediately became alert again.

Li XunHuan said, “May I ask for your name…”

The white-robed man said, “Lu FengXian.”

Li XunHuan didn’t seem surprised. He smiled, and said, “So you really are ‘Silver Halberd, Warm Throat’ Hero Lu.”

Lu FengXian said coldly, “ ‘Silver Halberd, Warm Throat’ died ten years ago!”

This time, Li XunHuan was shocked.

But he didn’t ask further, because he knew that Lu FengXian would explain.

Lu FengXian continued, “‘Silver Halberd, Warm Throat’ is dead, but Lu FengXian is not!”

Li XunHuan pondered at these words’ meanings.

Lu FengXian is a very proud man.

Bai XiaoSheng ranked his Silver Marquis Halberd number five in the Book of Weapons. To others, this might be a glorious thing. To him, it’s an absolute shame.

He can’t bear to be under anyone else, but also realized that Bai XiaoSheng can’t be wrong.

So he must have destroyed his own twin Silver Marquis Halberd, and created an even deadlier type of kung fu!

Li XunHuan slowly nodded, and said, “You’re right. I should’ve realized that ‘Silver Halberd, Warm Throat’ is already dead.”

Lu FengXian then said coldly, “Lu FengXian was dead for ten years. Only now is he reborn.”

Li XunHuan’s eyes glowed, and he said, “What revived Hero Lu?”

Lu FengXian slowly raised a single hand, a right hand.

He put this hand on the table, and said, “It’s this hand that revived me!”

To others, this may seem like an ordinary hand.

The fingers are long, but the nails are neatly trimmed. The surface is very smooth.

This is very befitting of Lu FengXian’s stature.

But if you look closely, you’ll realize what’s so special about it.

The skin color of the index finger, middle finger, and ring finger is different from other places.

The skin on these three fingers carried a special shine. They looked as if they’re made of metal, not skin.

Yet these three fingers are nonetheless grown on his hands.

How could a hand made of meat have three fingers made of metal?

Lu FengXian looked at his own hand, and sighed deeply. He said, “Too bad Bai XiaoSheng’s already dead.”

Li XunHuan said, “What if he wasn’t?”

Lu FengXian said, “If he wasn’t, I’d ask him, ‘Can a hand be considered a weapon?’”

Li XunHuan chuckled, and said, “I heard a person say something very interesting today.”

Lu FengXian said, “What did he say?”

Li XunHuan said, “He said that only something that can kill, can be considered a piercing weapon.”

He continued, “Hands had always been weapons. But a hand that can kill, is not only a weapon, but a piercing weapon.”

Lu FengXian did not respond, didn’t even seem to move.

But his three fingers in the middle suddenly pierced through the table.

They made no noise. The wine cups on the table didn’t shake at all. His fingers pierced through the table like it was made of tofu.

Lu FengXian said, “If this hand can be considered a weapon, I wonder where it would rank on the Book of Weapons!”
Li XunHuan said, “It’s hard to tell right now.”

Lu FengXian said, “Why?”

Li XunHuan said, “Because a weapon is designed to attack humans, not tables.”

Lu FengXian suddenly laughed.

It’s a cold, sinister laugh. He then said, “But in my eyes, the people in this world are really no different from this table.”

Li XunHuan said, “Really?”

Lu FengXian said, “Of course, some people are exceptions.”

Li XunHuan said, “Which people?”

Lu FengXian said, “I thought there were six. But now there are only four.”

He purposely glanced at Ah Fei, and continued, “Because Guo SongYang is already dead. And while another one’s alive, he’s not much different from a dead person.”

Ah Fei’s back faced Lu FengXian, and didn’t notice his expression.

But at this moment, Ah Fei’s face suddenly turned green.

He realized what Lu FengXian had meant.

Li XunHuan suddenly laughed, and said, “But that person will revive, and it won’t take ten years.”

Lu FengXian said, “I doubt it.”

Li XunHuan said, “If you can come back to life, why not him?”

Lu FengXian said, “I’m different.”

Li XunHuan said, “What’s the difference?”

Lu FengXian said, “I didn’t ‘die’ in a woman’s hand. And my heart never died.”

Crack, the wine cup in Ah Fei’s hand broke apart.

Yet he still sat there quietly,

Lu FengXian didn’t even look at him. His eyes remained on Li XunHuan, as he said, “The reason I came back into the martial world, is to find these four people. To prove whether my hand can be considered a piercing weapon. That’s why I waited here for you!”

Li XunHuan thought for a long time, before he said, “You must prove this?”

Lu FengXian said, “Yes.”

Li XunHuan said, “Who are you proving to?”

Lu FengXian said, “To myself.”

Li XunHuan chuckled, and said, “That’s right. One can lie to everyone, but himself…”

Lu FengXian suddenly got up, and said, “I’ll wait for you outside!”

For some reason, all other restaurant patrons had already left.

LingLing looked scared to death.

Li XunHuan slowly got up.

LingLing suddenly grabbed his robe, and whispered, “You… you are really going?”

Li XunHuan said with a bitter smile, “There are some obligations in life you just can’t hide from.”

He then looked at Ah Fei.

Ah Fei did not turn around.

Lu FengXian was just about to walk out the door.

Ah Fei suddenly said, “Hold on.”

Lu FengXian stopped, but didn’t turn around. He said, “Do you have something to say?”

Ah Fei’s hand tightly clutched the cup he just broke.

Blood dripped down his hand.

He said, “I want to prove something. Prove whether I’m alive or dead!”

Lu FengXian immediately turned around.

It’s as if he just noticed the existence of Ah Fei.

Then his pupils began to shrink, and a faint smile appeared on the side of his lips. He said, “Good. I’ll wait for you too!”

Graveyard.

There are many duels in the martial world every day. Different people duel in different ways, at different places.

But there are only a few places for life and death duels.

Empty grasslands, woods, graveyards…

Life and death duels almost always take place in one of these places. Because these places carry stenches of death.

It’s nearly dark. There’s fog.

Lu FengXian’s robe is white as snow. He stood in front of a gray tombstone. In the fog, he looked like a messenger from the underworld, here to give letters to those about to die.

LingLing stayed by Li XunHuan’s side. Her body kept shaking.

Is she cold? Or scared?

Ah Fei suddenly said, “Get out of here!”

LingLing instinctively recoiled, and said, “Me?”

Ah Fei said, “You.”

LingLing bit her lips, and looked at Li XunHuan.

Li XunHuan is staring into the distance.

Is his heart far away? Or is the fog too thick?

LingLing lowered her head, and murmured, “I can’t listen to your conversations?”

Ah Fei said, “No. No one can hear.”

Li XunHuan sighed, and said, “He’s accompanied you for several days now. You should accompany him now.”

LingLing thought for a moment, then stomped her feet, and yelled, “You didn’t want to come here, or stay here. You people are so stupid. All you know is kill… you kill me, I kill you. What’s the point of all this? You people don’t know why you do this either… If heroes are all like this, I wish all the heroes in the world would die!”

Li XunHuan, Ah Fei, and Lu FengXian all just listened quietly.

Then they quietly let her run away.

Ah Fei didn’t even bother to look at her. After he heard the footsteps disappear, he said to Li XunHuan, “I’ve never requested anything from you, right?”

Li XunHuan said, “You never requested anything from anyone.”

Ah Fei said, “But I need a favor from you now.”

Li XunHuan said, “Go ahead.”

Ah Fei grinded his teeth, and said, “I don’t want you to stop me. I must go. If you stop me, I’ll… I’ll die!”

Li XunHuan’s face looked terrible. He said, “But, you really don’t need to do this.”

Ah Fei said, “I must do this, because…”

With a painful expression, he continued, “Because Lu FengXian is correct. If I keep this up, I’ll be no different from a dead person. I can’t let this chance get away.”

Li XunHuan said, “Chance?”

Ah Fei said, “If I want to revive, this is my last chance.”

Li XunHuan said, “You mean there won’t be any more chances later?”

Ah Fei shook his head, and said, “Perhaps there might be. But I… if I lose my confidence today, I’ll never have to courage to get back up again!”

When a person has a huge setback, he’ll become depressed. Anyone who becomes too depressed, no matter how strong the person, would eventually lose his courage.

Li XunHuan thought for a long time, and sighed. He said, “I know what you mean, but…”

Ah Fei said, “I know I’m not as fast. Because I’ve found my reflexes becoming slower and slower these past two years.”

Li XunHuan said tenderly, “As long as you have the will, everything will eventually be okay again. But now is not the right time.”

Ah Fei said, “Now is exactly the right time.”

Li XunHuan said, “Now? Why?”

Ah Fei opened up his hand. There are still pieces of the cup stuck in his hand.

Ah Fei said, “Because I suddenly realized something. Pain to the body not only can lessen pain to the mind, but also make a person more alert, more reactive.”

He’s right. Pain can energize a person’s brain. This is just like when one rides a horse. If you smack it with a whip, and make it hurt, the horse will run faster.

Li XunHuan thought for a while, and then said, “You’re confident?”

Ah Fei said, “You don’t have confidence in me?”

Li XunHuan suddenly laughed. He slapped Ah Fei on the shoulder, and said, “Fine. Go get him!”

