# Chapter 60 : Friendship

Ah Fei remained there for a while, until he couldn’t help but ask, “That girl with you… who is she?”

Li XunHuan said, “Her name is LingLing. She is a very unhappy child.”

Ah Fei said, “I just know that she’s a liar.”

Li XunHuan said, “Really?”

Ah Fei said, “She wasn’t really waiting for you… And if she was, it’s for some other reason.”

Li XunHuan said, “Really?”

Ah Fei said, “If she was just there to wait for you, then she would obviously be very concerned about you.”

Li XunHuan said, “Perhaps…”

Ah Fei cut him off, “Looking at you, anyone would’ve realized just how much you had suffered. Yet she never asked how you turned out like this.”

Li XunHuan said, “Perhaps she hasn’t had a chance.”

Ah Fei said, “If she really cared about you, she wouldn’t need a ‘chance’ to ask about you.”

Li XunHuan thought for a while, and then chuckled. He said, “You’re afraid that I might be tricked by this girl?”

Ah Fei said, “I just know she’s not telling the truth.”

Li XunHuan laughed, and said, “If you want to live a bit happier, then you should never expect women to tell you the truth.”

Ah Fei said, “You think all women lie?”

Li XunHuan seemingly didn’t want to answer this question. He said, “If you’re smart, never reveal to a woman that you’ve seen through her lies. Because no matter what you say, she’ll have a good explanation waiting. Even if you don’t believe her explanation, she still won’t admit that she’s lying.”

He chuckled, and continued, “Therefore, if you meet a woman who lies, the best thing to do is to pretend that you believe her lies. Otherwise, you’re just asking for it.”

Ah Fei stared at Li XunHuan, for a long, long time.

Li XunHuan said, “Is there anything else you want to say?”

Ah Fei suddenly laughed, and said, “Even if I do, there’s no need to say them. Because you already know everything I want to say.”

Looking at Ah Fei’s back, Li XunHuan felt a great deal of happiness surging from his heart. This proud youngster did not falter.

This time, he said many things, but never mentioned Lin XianEr.

After all, love can’t truly control a man’s whole life.

Ah Fei certainly is a true man.

When a true man is being humiliated, he would rather never see the woman he loves, rather live a life of a loner, rather die.

Because he wouldn’t be able to face her.

But can Ah Fei really defeat Lu FengXian?

If he loses, even if Lu FengXian doesn’t kill him, can he still live?

Li XunHuan bent down, and began to cough.

He coughed up blood.

Lu FengXian stood there, waiting. He did not speak.

This person is quite patient.

A patient enemy is a deadly enemy.

Ah Fei suddenly ripped off a piece of his shirt, and covered the wound on his hand.

That piece of wine cup sunk further into his body.

Blood, even in the dense fog, is still bright red!

Only fresh blood can bring forth one’s primal strength from within. Other things, such as love or hate, can also accomplish such things. But blood is the most direct method.

Ah Fei seemingly returned to the wilderness.

‘If you want to live, then your enemy must die.’

Lu FengXian watched as Ah Fei came closer. He suddenly felt an indescribable force bearing down.

He felt that the person coming closer isn’t really human, but rather a beast.

A wounded beast!

“The difference between a friend and an enemy, is like the difference between life and death.”

“If someone wants you dead, then you must kill him first. There is no other option!”

This is the law of the wilderness! It’s also the method for survival.

‘Mercy’ is never applicable in this environment.

The blood dripped down, continuously. Ah Fei’s every muscle shook from the pain. Except his hand, which became more and more still.

His gaze became colder and colder.

Lu FengXian could never understand how this youngster could change so quickly.

But he does understand Ah Fei’s sword art.

The key to Ah Fei’s sword art is not ‘fast’ or ‘cruelty’, but rather ‘secretive’ and ‘accurate’.

His first blow must be lethal, at the very least with 70% chance of success.

That’s why he must ‘wait’!

Wait until his opponent reveals his weakness, an opportunity for him to strike. Ah Fei can wait longer than most people in the world.

However, Lu FengXian is determined not to give him this opportunity.

Lu FengXian looked like he’s just standing there casually, as if his whole body is filled with weaknesses, open to attack. Ah Fei’s sword seemingly can strike every single part of his body.

But when one has too many weaknesses, he actually has none.

Because his whole body has become totally flexible.

This ‘flexibility’ is the highest form of martial arts.

Li XunHuan looked at him from afar, his eyes filled with anxiety.

Lu FengXian has good reason to be arrogant.

Li XunHuan was shocked to see how high his kung fu was. He couldn’t see how Ah Fei could beat him… because Ah Fei doesn’t have a chance to strike.

Deeper into the night.

Suddenly, a light appeared on the grassy plains, wildfire!

The wind came from the west. Lu FengXian’s face just happened to be facing west.

The wind blew by, carrying a bit of the fire towards Lu FengXian’s face.

Lu FengXian’s eyes suddenly blinked, his left hand moved slightly, as if trying to brush off this bit of fire, but quickly stopped.

In a duel of life and death, any unnecessary movement could be dangerous.

But although his hand barely moved, his left arm’s muscles had already tensed from this ‘intention of moving’. Unable for him to maintain his total flexibility.

Although this isn’t the best opportunity, it is still better than no opportunity.

Ah Fei would never let an opportunity pass up.

His sword came out!

This attack is so extremely important.

Ah Fei’s whole life depended on the success of this attack.

If he succeeds, then he’ll return to his former self, cleansing himself of the terrible previous defeat.

If this attack fails, then he’ll never again get his confidence back. Even if he’s alive, he’d probably be better off dead.

He must succeed. He cannot fail.

But can he really succeed?

A streaking light flashed, then stopped!

The sword broke.

Ah Fei stepped back a step. Only a broken sword remained in his hand.

The other piece of the sword rested between Lu FengXian’s fingers, but the sword tip had penetrated Lu FengXian’s shoulder.

Although he managed to block Ah Fei’s sword, Lu FengXian was unfortunately, a little late.

Blood poured down Lu FengXian’s shoulder.

Ah Fei really did succeed.

A strange glow seemingly appeared on Ah Fei’s face… the glow of victory.

Lu FengXian’s face remained expressionless. He only glared at Ah Fei. The broken sword remained stuck on his shoulder, but he did not draw it out.

Ah Fei stood there motionless. He seemingly does not care to attack again.

For all his frustrations were dissipated after his first attack.

He only wanted “victory”, not to “kill”.

Lu FengXian looked like he’s still waiting for Ah Fei to attack again. After a long time, he finally said, “Good. Very good!”
Anyone would feel happy, feel proud after hearing such a compliment from a man like Lu FengXian.

But before he left, Lu FengXian suddenly added something else.

“Li XunHuan really was telling the truth. He also did not misjudge you!”

What did he mean? What did Li XunHuan say to him?

Lu FengXian finally disappeared into the night.

Li XunHuan smiled.

He patted Ah Fei on the shoulders, and said with a smile, “See, you’re still you. I told you nothing could keep you down. Remember, everyone has his bad times. Do not let such things affect you.”

He then added, “Now you can start anew. I have confidence in you…”

Ah Fei suddenly cut him off, said, “You think I’ll never lose again?”

Li XunHuan smiled, and said, “Lu FengXian’s abilities are second to none. If he can’t even dodge your sword, then who could?”

Ah Fei said, “But… I felt like I didn’t really win.”

Li XunHuan said, “What do you mean?”

Ah Fei said, “I’m not as fast as I used to be.”

Li XunHuan said, “Who told you this?”

Ah Fei said, “No one needs to tell me. I can feel it myself…”

His eyes still gazed at where Lu FengXian had disappeared, and continued, “I felt as if he could’ve beaten me. He shouldn’t have been so slow.”

Li XunHuan said, “It’s possible that he’s actually more powerful than you. But you chose the best opportunity to strike. That’s where you’re better than him. That’s why you won!”

He chuckled, and continued, “That’s why Lu FengXian lost, and did not complain. How could you still not have confidence after his compliments?”

Ah Fei finally smiled.

To a man who had gone through so much hardships, what’s more important than encouragements from a friend?

Li XunHuan said, “No matter what, we should celebrate this event… What do you think we should do?”

Ah Fei said, “We should drink, of course. What else can we do?”

Li XunHuan laughed, and said, “You’re right. Of course we should drink. A celebration without wine is like an exquisite dish lacking salt…”

Ah Fei said with a smile, “Actually, such a celebration would taste even worse than a dish lacking salt.”

Ah Fei fell asleep.

Wine, is a strange drink. Sometimes it makes a person happy, sometimes it makes them go to sleep.

Ah Fei had barely slept the past few days. Yet he still woke up soon after falling asleep. He wondered why he could sleep for so long back at home.

Once Ah Fei’s asleep, Li XunHuan left the inn.

Soon he found another inn. He entered the yard of this inn.

What’s he doing here in the middle of the night?

It’s past midnight, yet one room still has a candle lit.

Li XunHuan gently knocked on the door. A person inside immediately said, “Little Li Tan Hua?”

Li XunHuan said, “Yes.”

The door opened. Lu FengXian opened the door.

Why is he here? How come Li XunHuan knew that he’d be here? What’s the purpose of this visit?

Did they make some sort of secret arrangements?

A distant and strange smile appeared on Lu FengXian’s face. He said coldly, “Li Tan Hua truly is a man of his word! You have come.”

A little girl’s voice followed, “I told you that he’d keep any promise he made.”

This little girl is none other than LingLing.

Why is LingLing here with Lu FengXian?

What did Li XunHuan promise?

Li XunHuan slowly entered the room. He suddenly bowed in front of Lu FengXian, and said, “Thank you.”

Lu FengXian said, “No need to thank me. Because this is just a deal between us.”

Li XunHuan said, “But this is a deal that not all people would accept. So I still should thank you.”

Lu FengXian said, “This really is a strange deal. I was shocked when you asked LingLing to tell me about it.”

Li XunHuan said, “That’s why I asked her to explain it to you.”

Lu FengXian said, “Actually, there was no need for explanation. You want me to lose to Ah Fei, because you want him to regain his confidence.”

Li XunHuan said, “That was indeed my intent. I feel he is worthy.”

Lu FengXian said, “That’s because you’re his friend. I’m not… I never thought anyone would ever ask me to do such a ridiculous thing.”

Li XunHuan said, “But you still did it.”

Lu FengXian stared at Li XunHuan intently, and said, “You were confident that I would agree to your deal?”

Li XunHuan chuckled, and said, “At least I knew there was a chance, because I saw that you’re not an ordinary person. Only an extraordinary person can do such an extraordinary thing.”

Lu FengXian continued to stare at Li XunHuan, and said, “You were also certain that Ah Fei would not kill me.”

Li XunHuan said, “I knew that once he won, even just by an inch, he would not press further.”

Lu FengXian suddenly sighed, and said, “You really did not misjudge him, nor me.”

He suddenly snickered, “But I only agreed to let him win one exchange. Had he attacked again, I would’ve taken his life.”

Li XunHuan’s eyes brightened, and said, “You are that confident?”

Lu FengXian said, “You don’t believe me?”

The two pair of eyes met each other. After a long time, Li XunHuan suddenly smiled, and said, “Perhaps you can now, but not in the future.”

Lu FengXian said, “That’s why perhaps I should not have agreed to this deal. Leaving him alive is a threat to me.”

Li XunHuan said, “But some people likes to feel threatened, because it gives them excitement, forcing them to improve. A person that’s truly ‘invincible’ would lead a very dull life.”

Lu FengXian thought for a long time, before he said, “Perhaps… but I did not agree for this reason.”

Li XunHuan said, “Of course not.”

Lu FengXian said, “I agreed, because I like what you have to give me in return.”

Li XunHuan said, “Of course.”

Lu FengXian said, “You told me that as long as I do this, you’ll return any favor I ask.”

Li XunHuan said, “That’s correct.”

