# Chapter 61 : Favor

Lu FengXian suddenly let out an expression of loneliness… When someone’s lonely, then he must wish for friendship. Unfortunately, true friendship is not attainable by everyone.

Lu FengXian said coldly, “What you’re saying is, you can die for him, and he can die for you, right?”

Li XunHuan said, “Yes.”

Lu FengXian said, “But you knew that I wouldn’t kill you. At least, I won’t kill you this way, right?”

Li XunHuan remained silent.

Lu FengXian glared at Li XunHuan, before he finally relaxed. He said, “I am indeed not going to kill you… Do you know why?”

Li XunHuan still did not respond. Lu FengXian continued, “Because I want you to forever be indebted to me, forever feel like you owe me…”

He actually smiled, and said, “Because if I want to kill you, there will be plenty of opportunities later. But I’ll never have this kind of chance again.”

What does he mean? Is he trying to obtain Li XunHuan’s friendship?

Li XunHuan thought for a long time, before he smiled. “Actually, you’ll have another chance.”

Lu FengXian said, “Really?”

Li XunHuan said, “I want to ask you to do something else.”

Lu FengXian stared at him, as if he had never seen this person before. After a long time, Lu FengXian finally said, “You haven’t paid for the first deal yet. And you’re now asking me to do something else?”

Li XunHuan said, “This isn’t another deal. I am asking for a favor.”

Lu FengXian’s face looked gloomy, but his eyes shined. He said, “If it’s not a deal, why should I do it?”

Li XunHuan smiled. It was a serene, honest smile.

He looked at Lu FengXian intently, and said, “Because ‘I’ am asking for this favor.”

This sentence seemed quite odd, not to mention quite arrogant.

This is not something one would expect Li XunHuan to say.

Yet Lu FengXian did not get mad. Instead, he felt a strange warmth in his heart. Because he realized that Li XunHuan’s extending out his friendship.

Perhaps such friendship is the only brightness in a person’s lonely life.

This brightness will never extinguish. For as long as humanity lives on, there will be endless supply of friendship.

Lu FengXian said, “Everyone else said that Li XunHuan never ask for any favors, yet he just asked me a favor. Looks like I should be honored.

Li XunHuan smiled, and said, “Since I already owe you, it’s no big deal to owe you some more.”

Lu FengXian laughed. This time, a true laugh.

He said, “Someone once said, the most important thing a businessman learns is how to obtain favors. Looks like you’d make a good businessman.”

Li XunHuan said, “So you’ll do it?”

Lu FengXian sighed, and said, “I can’t think of a reason to reject you. Better take this opportunity to quickly say your request.”

Li XunHuan coughed a few times, and changed to a serious expression. He said, “Had you met Ah Fei a few years back, even without my request, he would’ve beaten you.”

Lu FengXian did not speak. Does he agree to this statement?

Li XunHuan said, “Had you met him back then, you would’ve seen a totally different person.”

Lu FengXian said, “How could he change so quickly in two years?”

Li XunHuan sighed, and said, “Because he met a person.”

Lu FengXian said, “A woman?”

Li XunHuan said, “Of course a woman. Only a woman can truly change a man.”

Lu FengXian said, “He didn’t change. He’s just in a funk. Anyone who’s in a funk because of a woman shouldn’t be pitied. He should be laughed at.”

Li XunHuan sighed again, and said, “Perhaps you are right. But you haven’t met this woman.”

Lu FengXian said, “What difference does it make?”

Li XunHuan said, “If you had met her, you might turn out just like Ah Fei.”

Lu FengXian said, “You think I’m some little kid who has never seen a woman before?”

Li XunHuan said, “You might’ve seen all sorts of woman. But she… she’s different from everyone else.”

Lu FengXian said, “Really?”

Li XunHuan said, “Someone used a very good phrase to describe her… She looks like a goddess, but she takes people down to Hell.”

Lu FengXian’s eyes flickered. He suddenly said, “I know who you’re talking about.”

Li XunHuan said, “You should’ve guessed. There’s only one such person like her in this world. Thankfully, just one, or I’d shudder to think what would happen to all the men in this world.”

Lu FengXian said, “Regarding this person, I’ve heard many rumors about her.”

Li XunHuan said, “Ah Fei has finally regained his form. I can’t bear to see him revert back. That’s why…”

Lu FengXian said, “You want me to kill her?”

Li XunHuan said, “I just want Ah Fei to never see her again. Because once he sees her, he wouldn’t be able to help himself.”

Lu FengXian thought for a while, then said, “You can do this yourself.”

Li XunHuan said, “I can’t.”

Lu FengXian said, “Why not?”

Li XunHuan said, “Because if Ah Fei ever finds out, he’d hate me for the rest of his life.”

Lu FengXian said, “But he should understand that this is for his benefit.” Li XunHuan said, “No matter how smart a person is, he’ll become an instant idiot when it comes to love.”

Lu FengXian thought some more, before he said, “Why can’t you ask someone else to do this? Why me?”

Li XunHuan said, “Because even if someone else can defeat her, he probably wouldn’t have the heart to kill her. Because…”

He raised his head, looked at Lu FengXian, and said, “Also, I have a hard time finding someone I can ask for favors.”

The two pair of eyes met. Lu FengXian’s heart was suddenly filled with warmth.

He could see from Li XunHuan’s eyes, his sadness and his loneliness.

The loneliness and sadness that only heroes have.

This is something only heroes can understand.

Lu FengXian suddenly said, “Where is she?”

Li XunHuan said, “LingLing knows where she is. But…”

LingLing had passed out. She still hasn’t woken up yet.

Li XunHuan glanced at her, and said, “You might not be able to get her to tell you the location.”

Lu FengXian smiled, and said, “Don’t worry. I have my ways.”

* * *

Ah Fei woke up. Li XunHuan had gone to sleep.

Even while sleeping, he kept coughing. Every time he coughed, his whole body shook in pain.

The sun slowly rose outside the window.

Ah Fei suddenly saw that he now has many more white hairs, many more wrinkles.

Only his eyes are still young.

Every time he sleeps, he would look very old, very fragile.

His robe is very dirty.
Who could imagine, that inside such a shell, exists extreme determination, a noble character, and an amazing spirit?

Ah Fei looked at him. Tears came down Ah Fei’s eyes.

He lives only to suffer through torment… different forms of torment, agony.

But he did not fall! He also never felt that life is dark and gloomy.

As long as he lives, there will be warmth, there will be light.

He will always give happiness to others, leaving the sadness to himself.

Ah Fei’s tears continue to fall.

Li XunHuan continued to sleep soundly.

To him, sleep has turned into a luxury.

Ah Fei suddenly wants to go back home, in a hurry to see that beautiful face. But doesn’t want to wake him up. So Ah Fei quietly opened the door, and quietly walked out.

It’s early in the morning. The sun just rose over the rooftops. Those traveling in a hurry had already left the inn, so the courtyard is very quiet. Only a parasol tree remains, standing alone amidst the cold late-autumn wind.

Li XunHuan seems just like this tree. Despite knowing that autumn is over, and winter’s coming, they still wouldn’t give up, not until the last possible moment.

Ah Fei sighed. He slowly walked out the courtyard.

The leaves on the parasol tree had begun to wither. One by one, they fell to the ground. In front of his eyes, onto his body…

* * *

The fire is still burning. The soybean soup slowly simmered.

Ah Fei never ate very fast. He allowed the soup to slowly enter his mouth, slowly flowing down into his stomach. When a person’s stomach is full, he’ll feel much more energized.

He likes this feeling.

The nightshift employee finally found some spare time. He sat down by the fire, drinking some wine slowly.

This is just some leftover wine, already cold. Yet the employee found it quite satisfying.

He’s happy, because he’s satisfied.

Only someone truly satisfied can find real happiness.

Ah Fei had always admired these people. He wanted to go drink with this person.

But he controlled himself.

“Perhaps, I might get to see her…”

He doesn’t want her to smell any alcohol on his body.

The majority of the people in this world live their lives for others… some for their loved ones, some for their enemies. Both types live agonizing lives.

There are very few people in this world who are truly happy.

The wind is blowing very hard. The dusts danced along with the wind. Not many people are walking on the street.

Ah Fei raised his head, and looked out the door. Two people just happened to pass by.

These two people didn’t walk very fast, but they looked to be in a hurry. Their minds are only on the road in front of them, and nothing else.

The person walking in the front is a smallish, white-haired old man. He holds a pipe in one hand. His blue robe is now almost white.

A little girl followed him. Her eyes are very big, her ponytails very long.

Ah Fei recognize these two people. He saw them two years ago. They are the “old storyteller” and his granddaughter. He also remembered that their surname is Sun.

But they did not see Ah Fei.

Had they seen Ah Fei, perhaps everything would’ve turned out differently.

Ah Fei finished his soup. He raised his head again, only to see another person walking by.

This person is very tall. He wears a yellow robe, a large bamboo hat, tilted so low it’s hard to see his face. He walked in a very strange manner. He also seemed to be in a hurry, and didn’t turn around to look at Ah Fei.

Ah Fei’s heart jumped.

Jin WuMing!

Jin WuMing’s eyes stared straight ahead, as if he’s following that old storyteller. He did not notice Ah Fei.

However, Ah Fei noticed him, and the sword on his waist. But Ah Fei didn’t see that severed arm, the severed arm wrapped in cloth.

Because once Ah Fei saw the sword, he could not see anything else.

Because this sword gave him his first taste of defeat.

Because this sword almost ruined him.

Ah Fei clenched his fist. The wound on his palm reopened. Blood came out. His whole body tensed from the pain.

He forgot about Jin WuMing’s severed arm.

He only wants to challenge Jin WuMing again. That is his only wish.

Jin WuMing quickly walked passed the door.

Ah Fei stood up. He clenched his fist tighter.

The more pain, the higher his awareness.

The employee suddenly felt an indescribable coldness surrounding him. Turning around, he saw Ah Fei’s eyes.

A pair of fiery eyes, but they make those who see them feel icy cold. The worker’s wine bowl fell out of his hand.

But the bowl did not land on the ground. Ah Fei suddenly stretched out his hand, catching it in midair.

No one could see how he caught the bowl.

The worker was scared senseless.

Ah Fei slowly put the wine bowl on the table. He poured out a cup of wine, and drank the whole cup.

A great deal of confidence surged from within his heart.

At this moment, another person passed by the door.

This person also wears a yellow robe, and a bamboo hat, tilted very low in front. He also walked in a very strange manner.

ShangGuan Fei!

Ah Fei doesn’t know who ShangGuan Fei is. But he immediately realized that this person and Jin WuMing are close. And that he is secretly following Jin WuMing.

ShangGuan Fei is a bit shorter than Jin WuMing, and a bit younger. Yet that cold expression, that walking style. It’s as if they’re brothers.

Why is he following Jin WuMing?

This is a pretty desolate place.

Ah Fei walked very fast, but he remained a safe distance behind ShangGuan Fei.

The old storyteller is long gone. Jin WuMing looked like a yellow shadow. But ShangGuan Fei still walked slowly, not in a hurry.

Ah Fei realized that this youngster also knows how to follow someone.

To follow someone in secret, one must have lots of patience.

There’s a small hill in front. Jin WuMing had just walked halfway around it.

ShangGuan Fei picked up his pace. As if he wants to catch up to Jin WuMing on the other side of the hill.

When he disappeared over the hill, Ah Fei ran up the hill as fast as he could.

He knew that once on the top of the hill, he’d see something very interesting.

He wasn’t disappointed.

Jin WuMing had never felt fear before… After all, what’s there to fear when you aren’t even afraid of death?

But now, for some reason, Jin WuMing’s eyes carried a sense of fear.

What’s he afraid of?

