# Chapter 62 : Major Secret

Over the hill, is an even more desolate place. The autumn wind blows mercilessly.

Jin WuMing’s hand suddenly touched the sword’s handle… but this is his right hand, not the hand he used to hold the sword with. In this hand, the sword cannot be considered a killing weapon.

He touched the handle, then removed his hand from it.

His steps slowed down, until they stopped. As if this is near the end of the road.

At this moment, he heard the laughter of ShangGuan Fei.

ShangGuan Fei caught up to him, snickered, and said, “Stop with this charade.”

Jin WuMing turned his head. His eyes betrayed no emotions. They stared intently upon ShangGuan Fei. After a while, he finally said, “You think this is a charade?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Of course it’s all a charade. You purposely act like you’re following Old Man Sun, because there’s no point for you to truly follow them.”

Jin WuMing said, “If so, then why am I following them?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Because of me.”

Jin WuMing said, “You?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “You’ve known for a while that I was following you.”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “That’s because you are terrible at following people.”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Maybe so. But I’m good enough to kill you. Of course, you should know that I’m here to kill you.”

Jin WuMing does know, which is why he wasn’t surprised.

Ah Fei was the person surprised.

These two are obviously from the same group. Why would they want to kill each other?

ShangGuan Fei said, “Ten years ago, I’ve wanted to kill you. Do you know why?”

Jin WuMing did not respond… He only asks questions, never responds to them.

ShangGuan Fei suddenly became agitated. His eyes filled with venom, and yelled, “If you didn’t exist, then I would have led a better life. Not only did you take my place, but also took away my father. After you came, you took everything in my life.”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “You have only yourself to blame. I’ve always been better than you.”

ShangGuan Fei clenched his teeth, and said, “You know, deep in your heart, that isn’t the true reason. The true reason is…”

ShangGuan Fei tried to control himself, but failed. He yelled angrily, “Because you are my father’s bastard son. My mother died because of the anger your mother caused.”

Jin WuMing’s cold, gray eyes suddenly shrunk, like two drops of blood.

Two drops of dry blood that had changed color.

On the hill, a painful expression also appeared on Ah Fei’s face. Seemingly the same kind as Jin WuMing’s, except perhaps even worse.

ShangGuan Fei said, “You two had deceived me all these years. Do you really think I don’t know?”

When he said ‘you two’, he obviously meant Jin WuMing and his father.

When ShangGuan Fei said this, he did not hurt anyone else, just himself.

He felt even more painful, which made him calmer. ShangGuan Fei continued, “I knew everything the day he took you in. Ever since that day, I’ve been waiting for a chance to kill you.”

Jin WuMing said coldly, “You didn’t have many chances.”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Even if I had the opportunity back then, I couldn’t have kill you. You were still useful back then. But not anymore.”

He snickered, and said, “At that time, you were a sword in my father’s eyes, a sword for killing. He would never forgive me if I destroyed his weapon. But now, you are nothing but scrap metal. He’ll never care about your life or death ever again.”

Jin WuMing thought for a long time, and nodded. He said, “You’re right. Even I don’t care about my own life and death. Why should he?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Others might believe your lie, but I don’t.”

Jin WuMing said, “I’m lying to you?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “If you really aren’t afraid of death, then why do you keep running away?”

Jin WuMing said, “Running away?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Your little charade of trying to follow Old Man Sun. It’s obviously a cover up for trying to run away.”

Jin WuMing said, “Really?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “If you had been following anyone else, I would’ve let you keep following them. To see if you want to know where they’re going, or waiting to kill them. Then I’d kill you afterwards.”

He laughed, and continued, “Unfortunately, you picked the wrong person. Because you can’t possibly find out where he’s going, much less to kill him. You’re not worthy of following him, because you’re simply no match for him!”

Jin WuMing suddenly smiled. He said, “Perhaps…”

He smiled in a strange manner, as if he’s holding some little secret.

ShangGuan Fei didn’t notice. He continued, “That’s why you’re just trying to cover up for something else. You wanted to delay me from killing you.”

He then stared intently at Jin WuMing, and yelled, “Because you’re now afraid of death.”

Jin WuMing said, “Afraid of death?”

ShangGuan Fei said, “You weren’t afraid to die before, because no one could’ve killed you back then.”

With a sound of ‘Ding’, a pair of Dragon & Phoenix Rings popped into his hands. ShangGuan Fei said coldly, “But now, I can kill you any time I wish.”

Jin WuMing remained silent for a long time, before he said, “Looks like you seem to know everything.”

ShangGuan Fei said, “At least I’m a lot smarter than you think I am.”

Jin WuMing suddenly laughed. He said, “Unfortunately, there’s still one thing you don’t know.”

ShangGuan Fei said, “What?”

Jin WuMing said, “It really doesn’t matter whether or not you know anything else. But if you don’t know this, then you must die!”

ShangGuan Fei said coldly, “If it’s this important, then I must know about it.”

Jin WuMing said, “Ah, but you can’t know about this. Because this is my secret. I’ve never told anyone…”

ShangGuan Fei said, “Are you preparing to tell me this secret?”

Jin WuMing said, “Yes. I’m going to tell you right now. But under one condition.”

ShangGuan Fei said, “What?”

Jin WuMing said, “If I tell you, then you must die!”

ShangGuan Fei stared at him, and suddenly began to laugh.

Jin WuMing’s words really are something to laugh about.

How could a cripple kill someone?

ShangGuan Fei said in between his laughter, “What are you going to kill me with? Are you going to bite me to death?”

Jin WuMing’s answer is very short, very sweet, just one word.

“No.”

ShangGuan Fei’s laughter subsided a little.

With such a respond, Jin WuMing seemingly was not trying to scare anyone, nor kidding.

Jin WuMing said, “When I kill, I use this hand!”

His raised his hand, his right hand.

ShangGuan Fei’s still laughing, but not as natural as earlier. He said, “This hand… can’t even kill a dog.”

Jin WuMing said, “I only kill people, never dogs!”

ShangGuan Fei suddenly stopped laughing. His Dragon & Phoenix Rings shot out of his hand.

The saying goes, ‘An inch shorter, An inch more dangerous’, Dragon & Phoenix Rings is one of the dangerous weapons to use in the martial world. This move, “Dragon Encircles Phoenix Dances as Both Fly” is one of the most dangerous techniques for Dragon & Phoenix Rings users. Unless one is near defeat, or knows that his opponent cannot block the move, he should never use it.
Once used, the opponent can almost never block it.

At this moment, the beam of sword light flew out.

The sword, in a flash, entered ShangGuan Fei’s throat.

The sword tip penetrated seventy percent of the neck.

ShangGuan Fei seemingly still has his breath. Veins appeared on his forehead. His eyeballs about to burst out, staring at Jin WuMing.

Even in death, he couldn’t believe how Jin WuMing’s sword came out.

Jin WuMing looked at him coldly, and said, “My right hand is even faster than my left hand. This is my secret!”

The sword came out. Blood sprayed everywhere.

ShangGuan Fei still stared at Jin WuMing, filled with disbelief, with sorrow, with shock….

He still wouldn’t believe, not even in death.

Yet he must believe.

The Dragon & Phoenix Rings that came out of ShangGuan Fei’s hand landed on Jin WuMing’s left arm.

The broken arm.

He used this broken arm to block ShangGuan Fei’s rings, then followed up with an attack using the right hand. The sword immediately entered ShangGuan Fei’s throat.

What a cunning attack.

This strike is so accurate! So deadly! So fast! So ruthless!

“My right hand is faster than my left hand. This is my secret!”

He did not lie.

Yet the truth is so unbelievable, so incredible.

ShangGuan Fei had been with Jin WuMing for over ten years. Not once did ShangGuan Fei see him practice right-handed sword skills. That’s why even in death, he could not understand how Jin WuMing managed to learn his right-handed sword art.

But he must believe, because ‘death’ has proven this truth.

Jin WuMing looked at the body. He looked a bit disappointed.

After a long time, he softly sighed, and said, “Why did you need to kill me? Why did I need to kill you? …”

He turned around, and walked away.

He still walked in that odd way, as if trying to synchronize with something.

That pair of rings still stuck to his left arm.

Doubt, shock, disbelief.

These were Ah Fei’s feelings at this time.

Jin WuMing’s sword art really is scary. It may not be faster than his, but certainly deadlier, more secretive.

“Will I really never be able to defeat him?”

Even if this is the truth, it’s something Ah Fei cannot tolerate!

Looking at Jin WuMing’s back, Ah Fei suddenly felt a surge of adrenaline within his body. He desperately wanted to jump down the hill and catch up.

But at this moment, a hand grabbed him from behind.

This is a very firm hand, filled with strength.

Ah Fei turned around, and immediately saw Li XunHuan’s gentle, friendly eyes.

What really held Ah Fei back weren’t this hand, but these eyes.

Ah Fei lowered his head, and sighed. He said, “Perhaps he really is simply better than me.”

Li XunHuan said, “You’re only worse than him in one aspect.”

Ah Fei said, “What?”

Li XunHuan said, “In order to kill, Jin WuMing can do anything, even give up his own life. You cannot.”

Ah Fei thought for a long time, and then said, “You’re right. I can’t.”

Li XunHuan said, “You can’t, because you have emotions. Your sword art may be ruthless, but you are a sentimental person.”

Ah Fei said, “That’s why… I can never defeat him?”

Li XunHuan shook his head, said, “Wrong, you most definitely can defeat him.”

Ah Fei did not cut in. He kept on listening.

Li XunHuan continued, “With emotions, one can have life. With life, one can have a soul, can change.”

Ah Fei thought for a while longer, before he slowly nodded. He said, “I understand now.”

Li XunHuan said, “But this isn’t the most important thing.”

Ah Fei said, “Then what is?”

Li XunHuan said, “What’s important is that you don’t need to kill him. You can’t kill him.”

Ah Fei said, “Why don’t I need to kill him?”

Li XunHuan said, “Because he’s already dead. Why kill him again?”

Ah Fei said, “You’re right. His heart is already dead… so I don’t need to kill him. But how come I can’t kill him?”

Li XunHuan did not answer. Instead he asked, “Do you know why he would practice such a sword art in secret?”

Ah Fei said, “What do you think?”

Li XunHuan said, “If I guessed correctly, it’s because of ShangGuan JinHong.”

Ah Fei said, “He fought against ShangGuan Fei’s Dragon & Phoenix Rings head on. He wanted to find a way to defeat Dragon & Phoenix Rings.”

Li XunHuan said, “My thoughts exactly.”

Ah Fei said, “That way… should ShangGuan JinHong ever change his attitude towards Jin WuMing, Jin WuMing could use this to kill ShangGuan JinHong.”

Li XunHuan said, “Perhaps he’ll fail. But at least he can try.”

Ah Fei stopped talking. His eyes became more relaxed.

He looked like he’s trying to hide something.

Li XunHuan said, “The reason ShangGuan JinHong’s Dragon & Phoenix Rings can rank number two on the book of weapons, is not because of it’s deadliness, deception, but because of it’s ‘certainty’.

Ah Fei said, “Certainty?”

Li XunHuan said, “To be able to practice the world’s most dangerous weapon to the point of ‘certainty’, is what puts ShangGuan JinHong above others. ShangGuan Fei is not even close to his father’s ability.”

Ah Fei said, “Really?”

Li XunHuan said, “ShangGuan Fei hates Jin WuMing, mainly because ShangGuan Fei thought his dad didn’t teach him the top level secrets. And instead taught them to Jin WuMing.”

Ah Fei said, “Hmm.”

Li XunHuan said, “If ShangGuan JinHong won’t use the dangerous ‘Dragon Encircles Phoenix Dances as Both Fly’ technique, there’s very little chance that Jin WuMing can kill him.”

Ah Fei said, “You’re right.”

Li XunHuan said, “But ShangGuan JinHong just might use it, because he knows that Jin WuMing’s left arm is now broken. So there’s no need to be cautious. Therefore, Jin WuMing still has a chance to defeat him.”

Ah Fei looked like he just woke up from a dream, and yelled, “But, no matter what, ShangGuan JinHong is Jin WuMing’s father.”

Li XunHuan said, “There’s no such possibility.”

Ah Fei said, “But didn’t ShangGuan Fei just…”

Li XunHuan cut him off, said, “That’s just ShangGuan Fei’s guess. It’s a wrong guess.”

Ah Fei said, “If so, then why did he say those things? Was he lying?”

Li XunHuan said, “Of course he wasn’t lying. It’s just that he misinterpreted the events.”

Ah Fei said, “Misinterpreted?”

Li XunHuan said, “He said that after Jin WuMing arrived, his father became cold towards him. This is certainly true. But he doesn’t know that his father did this out of love.”

Ah Fei said, “How can ShangGuan JinHong become cold to him out of love?”

Li XunHuan said, “Because ShangGuan JinHong was intent on making Jin WuMing his murder weapon. You could say that Jin WuMing’s life died in his hands.”

Ah Fei thought for a moment, then said, “You’re right. If a man only lives to kill, then he must lead a very miserable life.”

Li XunHuan said, “That’s why Jin WuMing died the moment he met ShangGuan JinHong.”

He continued, “But ShangGuan JinHong is also a person. Every person loves his son, and would not subject his son to this kind of torture. Therefore, ShangGuan JinHong did not teach his top kung fu to ShangGuan Fei.”

He laughed, and said, “Too bad ShangGuan Fei never understood his father’s true intentions.”

Ah Fei suddenly said, “Therefore ShangGuan Fei actually died in his father’s hands too.”

Li XunHuan said, “When someone desires too much, he’s likely going to make many mistakes…”

