# Chapter 74 : The Most Generous Person

The lights are out.

A different type of flame is being ignited inside the house.

A long, slender pair of legs hung down from the side of the bed, accentuated beautifully by the pale moonlight.

Her legs bent as his body shivered.

Ah Fei was as tense as an outstretched bow.

The arrow was set on the bow, as it sought out its quiver.

An experienced person knows that that intense sense of urgency is most difficult to endure.

Lin XianEr was, of course, an experienced person.

She kept slipping out reach and pushing him away, silently whimpering, “Wait … wait …”

Ah Fei didn’t respond with words, but with action.

He couldn’t wait any longer.

She bit down on her lips and stared into his bulging red eyes.

“How … how come you’ve never asked me before?”

“Ask you what?”

“Whether ShangGuan JinHong and I had …”

Ah Fei’s movements suddenly stopped, as if someone had just kicked him down.

“Is it because it doesn’t bother you anymore?”

Ah Fei began to sweat, sweat that signaled a person’s weakness.

Lin XianEr had began to notice that weakness.

“I know that it bothers you, because I know that you love me.”

She sounded sad and distressed, but her eyes carried a sadistic glee. She was like a cat who had a mouse under her paws. She was like ShangGuan JinHong looking down at her when she was in the same situation.

“Did you or didn’t you?” Ah Fei asked in a coarse voice.

She sighed and answered, “A poor mouse in the grasp of a vicious cat, you don’t have to ask to know the outcome.”

Ah Fei suddenly fell over, so full of anger that he couldn’t move a muscle.

Lin XianEr looked down over his face, like her tears were about to drop.

“I knew it would make you angry, but I couldn’t keep it from you. I had wanted to give myself to you pure and chaste, but …”

She crawled up into Ah Fei’s chest with tears in her eyes and said, “Now I regret waiting for so long, although it was all for you, now I …”

Ah Fei suddenly cried out, “I know it was for my sake, that is why I promise I will return your chastity to you.”

“But this is something that can’t ever be recovered!” Lin XianEr said.

“It can, I have a way.” Ah Fei said.

He clenched his hands and said menacingly, “As long as I kill ShangGuan JinHong, as long as I kill the person who has defiled you, then you will be pure once again …”

His voice suddenly stopped because he heard a cold shrill laugh coming from the window.

“If that’s the case, then you better be ready to kill a whole lot of people!”

Another voice chimed in, “That b-i-t-c-h’s body has never been clean before! With the exception of you, every man who’s ever laid eyes on her has slept with her!”

A third voice added, “If you really wanted to kill every single person who’s been with her before, even if you killed eighty a day until the day you’re old, you’d still be far from done!”

The house had three windows, and there was a person outside each of them.

The three voices were different, but there was an eerie similarity between them.

Shrill and forged, anyone who heard them would want to throw up.

Ah Fei bolted up and covered Lin XianEr with a blanket. He kicked a pillow that knocked over a candle that was on the table. In a sharp voice he asked, “Who’s there?”

He had wanted to rush out but once he got up he decided to stay by Lin XianEr’s side instead.

The three people outside the windows burst out in laughter.

“Don’t tell me you’re afraid that one of us will see her naked body!”

“She’s used to people staring at her body! In fact, she feels uncomfortable when people aren’t staring at her!”

*PENG*, all three windows were forced open.

Three beams of light poured into the room directly at Lin XianEr.

They were Kongming lanterns.

You could only see their brightness, you couldn’t see from where they came, or who has holding them.

They were so bright that you could barely keep your eyes open.

Lin XianEr shielded her eyes with her hands. The cotton blanket covering her body slowly slid off revealing her legs, and then her thighs …

She never bothered to pull the blanket up. She really wasn’t afraid of being seen.

Ah Fei gritted his teeth, pulled off his clothes, passed them to Lin XianEr and said, “Put these on.”

Lin XianEr rolled her eyes and snickered,”Why? Are you ashamed of how I look?”

Even though she was entirely nude she could still smile that frivolously.

She had used her two deadliest weapons.

Ah Fei broke a chair on the floor, grabbed its legs, and said, “Whoever steps one foot inside this house will die!”

The three voices could be heard laughing again, but this time they were coming from outside the door.

“He still wants to take people’s lives.”

“In his current condition he can forget about killing anyone.”

“He can still take one person’s life … his own!”

With another *PENG*, the thick wooden door was shattered instantly.

Shards of wood were sent flying, three people slowly walked in.

Three people clothed in yellow.

Three people with bamboo hats strapped tightly to their heads covering their faces.

This was the distinguishing appearance of members of the ‘Gold Currency Union’.

The first one had a golden chain wrapped around his hands, the chain whip had two parts connected by a large iron hammer.

The second and third used sabre and sword.

A demon-headed sabre and a funeral-gate sword.

Their three weapons were at ready, as if in fear of missing the opportunity to kill.

Ah Fei suddenly stood still. He was like a starved wolf that had just smelled fresh meat.

Although his reactions had slowed and his strength had lowered, his natural instincts had not diminished.

He had already drawn the scent of blood.

Lin XianEr was giggling even more as she said, “So it is the famous ‘Twin Meteors of Wind and Rain’ Branch-Master Xiang Song. I am honored, I am honored.”

The twin meteor hammer in his hands lightly swung back and forth, he looked as steady and formidable as a mountain.

“Has Branch-Master Xiang come under the orders of ShangGuan JinHong to kill me today?” Lin XianEr said.

“You’ve guessed correctly.” Xiang Song replied.

Lin XianEr sighed and said, “I can’t believe ShangGUan JinHong wants to take my life this urgently.”

“People who have run out of their usefulness have to die.” Xiang Song replied.

“You’re wrong. He doesn’t to kill me for that reason.” Lin XianEr replied.

“Hmm?” Xiang Song replied.

“He wants me dead because he is afraid that I will find another man and stain his reputation.” Lin XianEr said.

“Chief ShangGuan’s orders never required explanantion, they only need to be carried out.” Xiang Song replied coldly.

Lin XianEr glanced over at Ah Fei for a second and said, “You three just barged in here to kill me, because you assume that he isn’t capable of protecting me anymore.”

“He can try.” Xiang Song said.

“There’s no need for him to try.” the one wielding the sabre laughed coldly.

“Hmm?” Lin XianEr said.

“Since you can admit that in front of him, then you know yourself that he isn’t capable of protecting you. Since we all know this now, what’s the point in him trying?”

Lin XianEr laughed and said, “You’re right, he can barely protect himself right now. I’m just making it harder for him, except …”

She slowly stood up, her bare body fully exposed to the light, and continued, “Do you think that I can’t protect myself either anymore?”

Her breasts stood haughtily, her legs fully straight.

Under the lantern light, her skin looked like milky white satin.

Her body was definitely worth being proud of.

Ah Fei’s face was twisting with pain, his cold sweat, almost the size of peas, slowly dripped down.

Lin XianEr’s hands slowly crept along her own body, as she said in a sultry voice, “Wouldn’t it be a pity if you three were to kill me?”

Xiang Song sighed and said, “There are women who use their bodies in order to pay for certain things. When they’re looking at perfumes, or when they’re trying on exquisite dresses, they’ll never be shy about it. But you’re entirely different.”

“Of course I’m different.” Lin XianEr said.

“You’re even much more generous than they are. You use your body to pay for even the smallest things. As long as you’re in a good mood you’d even satisfy a lowly servant who opened the door for you.” Xiang Song said.

“Do you want to ask me for a fee as well?” Lin XianEr said.

She slowly walked over to him, “Come and collect, because if I decided to pay a small fee to you, no one would argue that it’d be too much.”

Xiang Song stood as still as a tree.

Lin XianEr walked over in front of him and wanted to nibble on his neck.

Xiang Song suddenly attacked, his hammer struck her chest.

Lin XianEr was sent flying, her body flipped over onto the bed!

The bamboo hat fell from Xiang Song’s head and revealed his face.

A pale white face, full of wrinkles, but without a single trace of facial hair.

Lin XianEr suddenly started laughing and said, “No wonder ShangGuan JinHong sent you here to kill me, you’re neither male nor female! You’re a half-man, half-woman freak!”

Xiang Song stared at her coldly, not a single hint of expression on his face. After a long while, he turned to Ah Fei and said, “It’s best for you to leave.”

“Leave?” Ah Fei said.

“Don’t tell me you still want to protect this b-i-t-c-h.” Xiang Song said.

Ah Fei slowly lowered his hands.

“So you should leave, its best that you’re not by her side when I kill her.” Xiang Song said.

“Why?” Ah Fei said.

“Because I’m afraid you’d throw up.” Xiang Song said ferociously.

Ah Fei fell silent, then lowered his head as well.

Lin XianEr stopped laughing as well. At this point, not even her laughter would come out.

It was then that Ah Fei struck out!

Ah Fei’s instincts were still sharp.

He really did pick the best opportunity to attack.

Unfortunately his reactions had slowed, and his strength had diminished.

A golden flash of light, twin meteors shot out.

Shards of wood were sent flying, the legs of the chair in Ah Fei’s hands had been shattered.

“My order was to kill her, not you. You’re still alive because I don’t like getting too involved.” Xiang Song said coldly.

Ah Fei clenched tightly onto the two wooden stubs in his hands, like a dying person grasping onto one last glimpse of hope.

But what kind of hope was this?

He used to be a slayer of men.

But now, he couldn’t kill anybody. To others, he wasn’t even worth killing.

This showed that he was practically useless in their eyes. Whether he was alive or dead made no difference.

“It is very difficult for a person to crawl back up, but very easy for a person to fall down.”

Ah Fei suddenly remembered when he had went to save Li XunHuan, when he first crossed swords with Jing WuMing …

At that time no one dared to take him lightly.

But what about now?

That happened only several days ago, yet it seemed like such a far and distant memory.

Xiang Song’s voice sounded far and distant now as well.

“You can stay here and watch if you prefer. I’ll show you how a real slayer kills people.”

Suddenly another voice slowly penetrated the room, “And you’re supposed to be adept at killing? I’m afraid you’re not worthy.”

