# Chapter 83 : A Deep and Profound Love

After a while, Lin XianEr clenched her teeth and said, “What’s so important that you have to do today?”

“When a woman wants to support her man, it doesn’t necessarily mean that she has to accompany him in death, or that she has to die for him. But rather, she should console and comfort him, so that he may feel at ease to do what he has to do. She should make him feel important, so that he won’t feel like he is being neglected.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Is that it?” Lin XianEr smirked.

“Other than that, what else can I possibly do for him?” Sun XiaoHong said.

She didn’t have to do anything else.

That really was enough.

Any man who was lucky enough to have a woman like her would feel completely satisfied.

“I know that you’re trying to upset me, but I don’t blame you. Because I suddenly feel very sorry for you.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“You feel sorry for me? What’s there to feel sorry about?” Lin XianEr said.

“You think that you’re young, beautiful, and smart and you think that all the men in this world will slobber at your feet. That’s why when you meet someone who truly loves and cares for you, you’ll never be able to appreciate it. Instead you push him away and think that he is just an idiot. But one day you’ll realize that the people who truly love you in this world are not many. True love can’t be bought with youth and beauty.” Sun XiaoHong said.

She softly continued, “And when that time comes, you’ll realize that you have nothing, that your entire life is empty – when a woman reaches that point in her life, she is really someone to be pitied.”

“You … you think that I’ve reached that point?” Lin XianEr said.

Her voice was trembling, her entire body was trembling. Was she simply indignant? Cold? Or was she scared?

SUn XiaoHong didn’t answer her. She just looked coldly at her pale and troubled face, at her mud-covered body. That was more devastating than any answer that she could give.

Lin XianEr suddenly let out a laugh and said, “You’re right, I really did look down on him, and thought of him as nothing more than an idiot. But if I really were to go look for him right now, he would still come crawling back.”

“Why don’t you go and try?” Sun XiaoHong said.

“I don’t have to try to know that there is no way that he can live without me.” Lin XianEr said.

Although her mouth said that it she didn’t need to try, her body had already turned around and walked away.

She was using all her strength and she ran incredibly fast, because she knew that this was her last chance. If she lost this chance, it would be all over for her. Sun XiaoHong stood silently for a few moments before turning her head away.

The land was covered in a vast black expanse. Out of the rainy mist, the figure of a person appeared …

No one knew when that person had come, nor did anyone know how long that person had been here for.

The first thing that Sun XiaoHong noticed were her eyes.

Her eyes weren’t very bright. Perhaps those were eyes had shed too many tears, so they appeared rather lackluster. But that quiet sense of sorrow and grief that she carried would bring even the most dispassionate of men to tears.

Then, she saw her face.

Her face wasn’t that of an incredible beauty.

Her face was too pale, as if she hadn’t seen the light of day for a very long time.

But for some reason, when Sun XiaoHong saw her, she felt that she had seen the most beautiful woman in the world.

Her hair was disheveled and her clothes were soaking wet, one would assume that she was in distress. However, the strange thing was that anyone who saw her wouldn’t think that way.

She still looked very youthful, and very elegant.

Regardless of the situation, she touch anyone with her unique nature and her indomitable strength.

Sun XiaoHong had never seen this person before, but with just one glance she could guess who she was.

Lin ShiYin!

Only a woman such as her could make someone like Li XunHuan fall so deeply in love.

Sun XiaoHong let out a long sigh!

“Why does everyone think that Lin XianEr is the most beautiful woman in the world? She should be the most beautiful woman in the world. Not even considering when she was still young, even now, she is much stronger than Lin XianEr will ever be.”

Perhaps it was the rainy night, or perhaps it was because she was a woman, but that was what she thought.

A woman’s taste in woman is different from a man’s taste.

Lin ShiYin was looking at her as well, she walked over slowly and said, “You … you’re Miss Sun, right?”

Sun XiaoHong nodded her head and said, “I know who you are, I’ve heard him talk about you before.”

Lin ShiYin let out a smile, a very sorrowful smile.

Of course she knew which ‘him’ Sun XiaoHong was referring to.

“So you’ve been here for quite a while.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Lin ShiYin lowered her head and said, “I heard that he was going to have a duel here and I just wanted to say a few words to him. But I haven’t left the house for quite some time and I had gotten lost along the way.”

She let out a slight smile and continued, “But that’s okay, what I originally wanted to tell him I can tell you instead.”

Her voice sounded very soft and fragile. It seemed like she needed to think for quite some time before every word.

Every word she said was clear and insipid. Anyone who listened to her talk would think that she was a rather indifferent and heartless woman.

But Sun XiaoHong understood her very well. Her words sounded cold and heartless because she was someone who had suffered and endured much pain in her life.

Sun XiaoHong felt nothing but sympathy and compassion in her heart, she couldn’t help but ask, “I know that he has always wanted to see you, since you’ve come all the way here, why don’t you follow him to see him one more time?”

“I … I can’t.” Lin ShiYin said.

She had originally wanted to see Li XunHuan, but when she arrived, there was already someone by his side. She didn’t want to show up because she was afraid of the feelings that would arise if she saw him.

Because she knew that if she was to see Li XunHuan again, she wouldn’t be able to control herself any longer.

Even though she didn’t say any of this, Sun XiaoHong understood her very well.

“I never used to understand why some people listen blindly to the words of others, and let others change their destiny. Only now do I understand that you listen to someone else not because you fear him, but because you love him, and you know that everything that he does is for you.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Lin ShiYin was trying to control herself the entire time, but now she just couldn’t hold it in any longer.

Tears started to stream down her cheeks.

Because every word that Sun XiaoHong spoke went straight to her heart. Every word was like a needle, piercing deep into her soul.

She had once asked herself, “I don’t have anything anymore, I feel completely empty, exactly the same as Lin XianEr, but whose fault was this? Could it be that I have been mistaken in the past?”

She used to despise Li XunHuan, she used to hate him.

Such a wretched and sorrowful ending, was it all because of Li XunHuan?

But only now did she realize that the one who was wrong was not Li XunHuan, but herself.

“Why did I listen to him back then? Why didn’t I just tell him straight to his face that I loved him, and that I wouldn’t marry anyone but him.”

Sun XiaoHong said softly, “I’m not too sure about what exactly happened between the two of you, but I know that …”

Lin ShiYin suddenly interrupted her and said, “But now I know, now that I’ve seen you, I know that I was wrong.”

“Why is that?” Sun XiaoHong exclaimed.

“Because … if I had been as courageous as you, as strong and resolute as you, then it wouldn’t have ended up this way.”

“But you …” Sun XiaoHong said.

“I know now that I was never worthy enough to be his wife, only you’re good enough for him.” Lin ShiYin said.

Sun XiaoHong lowered her head and said, “I …”

Lin ShiYin didn’t let her speak and continued, “Because only you can comfort him and support him. No matter what he does, your faith in him will never change. But I …”

She sighed quietly as tears rolled down her cheeks.

Sun XiaoHong was quiet for quite some time. She suddenly smiled and said, “But in the future, you’ll have many chances to see him. Whatever happened in the past is behind you, but now the two of you can …”

Lin ShiYin suddenly cut her off and said, “You think that he still has a chance? That there is hope?”

“Of course there is!” Sun XiaoHong said.

She smiled and said, “Anyone else would think that he has lost all faith in himself. If someone doesn’t even believe in himself anymore, then what hope is there?”

“That’s true.” Lin ShiYin said.

“But I know that he is acting this way only to lure ShangGuan JinHong into letting his guard down. Once ShangGuan JinHong takes his enemy too lightly, then he will start being careless.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Her eyes flashed brightly, “And once ShangGuan JinHong is careless, then he will be able to take his life!”

Lin ShiYin let out a sigh and said, “He has so much confidence in himself because you believe in him so much. Your support and encouragement is extremely important to him, I don’t even think you realize just how important you are.”

Sun XiaoHong lowered her head and smiled, “I do realize.”

Not only was she confident in Li XunHuan, she was very confident in herself as well.

Lin ShiYin looked at her and felt an indescribable feeling in her heart. Was it envy? Jealousy? Or was it self-pity? Perhaps, it was just that she was really happy for him.

Li XunHuan had been down for half his life, his heart must be extremely tired. Only someone like Sun XiaoHong could possibly comfort him. Even if he were to win this time, there would definitely come a time when he would fall again.

Even if no one was able to strike him down, he would undoubtedly strike himself down!

Lin ShiYin sighed and said, “That he was able to meet you, really is the work of the heavens repaying him for all his suffering. He deserves to be happy, but …”

She suddenly asked, “What about Jing WuMing? Even if he can defeat ShangGuan JinHong, there is no way that he can withstand an attack from the two of them.”

“Jing WuMing might not even attack. Since ShangGuan JinHong believes that there is no way that he will lose, he won’t even ask for Jing WuMing’s help. But by then, even if Jing WuMing wanted to attack, it would be too late.” Sun XiaoHong said.

She was entirely correct. That was Li XunHuan’s one and only chance.

If they wanted to defeat Li XunHuan, they only had one chance as well – his flying dagger would never give anyone a second chance.

The question was who would be able to take advantage of that one chance.

“So what you’re saying is, that if Jing WuMing doesn’t attack, then he will have a chance?” Lin ShiYin said.

“Right.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“How can you be certain that Jing WuMing will not attack?” Lin ShiYin said.

“I’m not.” Sun XiaoHong said, “But what I am certain of is that after two hours, none of them will make a move.”

“But even if you are right, how do we know that something will happen within these two hours?” Lin ShiYin said.

“Something will.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“What?” Lin ShiYin asked.

“Ah Fei.” Sun XiaoHong replied.

Although Lin ShiYin didn’t say a word, the look on her face was that of disappointment.

Everyone couldn’t help but feel disappointed towards Ah Fei.

“Although no one has confidence in him anymore, that is only because he wears heavy shackles on his body.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Shackles?” Lin ShiYin said.

“Yes, shackles. And only one person can release him from those shackles.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Who?” Lin ShiYin said.

“You need the bell-ringer to unfasten the bell.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“You mean … Lin XianEr?” Lin ShiYin said.

“Exactly, when he finally realizes that Lin XianEr is not worth his love, then he will be free of his shackles.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Lin ShiYin paused for a while and then said, “You may be right. But he has fallen for so long, can he really get back up within such a short amount of time?”

“For any other reason, he probably can’t. But for Li XunHuan, he definitely can.” Sun XiaoHong said.

She slowly added, “For the people who we care about, we can sometimes do things that we’re normally not capable of.”

Lin ShiYin let out a long sigh and said, “So that is the case …”

“So now I must look for Ah Fei and tell him everything that has happened.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Wait .. there is something else that I must tell you.” Lin ShiYin said.

“What is it?” Sun XiaoHong said.

“I haven’t been to the outside world for quite some time, yet I know so much about everything that has happened. Don’t you find this strange?” Lin ShiYin said.

“Not at all, because I know that you have a very intelligent son.” Sun XiaoHong said with a smile.

Lin ShiYin lowered her head and said, “No matter what happens, he will always be my son. I don’t have anything in this world except for him … that’s why I hoped that you could tell him for me, to forgive him …”

“He has never hated anyone, you should know that.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Lin ShiYin was quiet for a long while, as if there was something that she wanted to say, but just didn’t know how to say it.

“Is it about the ‘LianHua Compendium’?” Sun XiaoHong asked.

Lin ShiYin sounded quiet startled and said, “You know about this?”

Sun XiaoHong smiled and said, “I was the one who told him in the first place, my second uncle …”

“Right, when Master Wang came, Mr. Sun was also there.” Lin ShiYin said.

“Then that manual really was in your possession?” Sun XiaoHong said.

“It was, but I haven’t told him about it this entire time.” Lin ShiYin said.

“Why is that?” Sun XiaoHong asked.

“Because at that time I felt that martial arts was of no benefit to him, that it would harm him instead. The greater his martial arts were, the more troubles that were bound to arise, so …” Lin ShiYin said.

“So you’ve kept it from him the entire time, because you just wanted him to be a normal person, and lead a normal life.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“That was my biggest reason, no one else would ever believe me …” Lin ShiYin said sullenly.

“I believe you.” Sun XiaoHong said.

She sighed and said, “If I were you, I’m afraid that I would’ve done the exact same thing.”

Only a woman could understand how another women felt.

Only another woman could understand how a woman was capable of doing anything for the man she loved. In the eyes of others, her actions would appear foolish, but in their eyes, no reason was more important in the entire world.

“But I really regret it now, I really shouldn’t have kept it from him.” Lin ShiYin said.

“You only kept it from him for his sake.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Because … if he had studied the contents of the ‘LianHua Compendium’, even if ShangGuan JinHong and Jing WuMing were to team up on him, they still wouldn’t be a match for him.” Lin ShiYin said.

“So that’s why you feel guilty, that’s why you want him to forgive you.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Lin ShiYin nodded her head and said, “I know that he won’t blame me for it, but if I .. I don’t let him know about this, I just won’t be able to live with myself.”

“But you’re wrong.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“I’m wrong?” Lin ShiYin said.

“If he had studied the ‘LianHua Compendium’, he still wouldn’t be a match for ShangGuan JinHong.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Why is that?” Lin ShiYin said.

“Do you know why Ah Fei’s sword is so fearsome?” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Because he …” Lin ShiYin said.

“He is fast, because he is so devoted, much more than anyone else. It is the same for Li XunHuan. If he had learned any other martial arts, then he would lose that focus. He probably wouldn’t be as fast.” Sun XiaoHong said.

Lin ShiYin lowered her head and said, “No matter what the case, I only hope that you will relay my feelings to him.”

“You two will have a chance to see each other very soon, why don’t you just tell him then?” Sun XiaoHong said.

