# Chapter 87 : Rebirth

Ah Fei was quiet for a few moments and then replied, “No type of sword is good enough for dealing with ShangGuan JinHong.”

Sun XiaoHong thought for a second and replied, “Then … what do we have to do to defeat him?”

Ah Fei didn’t answer her.

Ah Fei knew what had to be done to defeat him but the words just wouldn’t come out.

There are many words in this world that just won’t come out.

Sun XiaoHong let out a sigh and said, “You’re going to have to deal with a lot of other people in addition to ShangGuan JinHong as well.”

“I only want to know, are you certain that ShangGuan JinHong has returned to this place?” Ah Fei asked.

“I’m pretty sure that my guesses are correct.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Why is that?” Ah Fei said.

“Because he can do anything he wants here without being seen.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“To be able to defeat Li XunHuan should be a glorious thing, why would he not want anyone to see him?” Ah Fei asked.

“When a person is indulging in something that he really enjoys, he won’t want to be seen by others.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“I don’t understand.” Ah Fei said.

“What do you like to eat the most?” Sun XiaoHong said.

“I like everything just as much.” Ah Fei replied.

“My favorite are walnuts, every time that I get to eat walnuts, I feel like I’m in paradise. Especially on a cold winter night, I love hiding all alone and eating walnuts.” Sun XiaoHong said.

She giggled and continued, “But if there were people beside me watching as I ate, that pleasure would simply not be as great.”

“You think that ShangGuan JinHong sees killing Li XunHuan as some sort of pleasure to be enjoyed?” Ah Fei said.

“That’s why I’m pretty sure that ShangGuan JinHong won’t be very quick to kill him.” Sun XiaoHong said.

“Why is that?” Ah Fei said.

“If I only had one walnut, of course I would try to eat it as slow as possible. The slower I ate it, the longer that my pleasure will be drawn out for. Because I know it’ll be somewhat difficult to bear once it is finished.” Sun XiaoHong said.

That feeling was more like emptiness.

But she could never let the word ’emptiness’ come out from her mouth.

She continued, “In ShangGuan JinHong’s eyes, there is only one Li XunHuan in this world. And after he kills him, he will definitely have that same feeling that I have after eating my last walnut. But I’m sure that his will be much more difficult to endure.”

Ah Fei slowly inserted the bamboo sword into his waist belt, he suddenly smiled and said, “I don’t think it will be very hard for me to bear after I kill him.”

Before those words were even finished he had already leapt away.

He didn’t run very fast because he wanted to be prepared – when dealing with someone like ShangGuan JinHong, preparation was key.

As he made his way toward the courtyard, he would slowly tense his arms and legs and then slowly relax them. This was definitely a very good way to prepare himself.

He finally made his way up the steps and to the door.

Suddenly, people appeared out of nowhere – eighteen people clothed in yellow.

They were the first line of defense of the main branch of the Golden Currency Union, so of course their skills were all top-notch.

Ah Fei took in a deep breath and said, “Although I don’t want to kill, I won’t tolerate anyone blocking my path either.”

A cold voice shouted, “I recognize you! And what if we do block your path?”

“Then you’ll die!” Ah Fei said.

The voice laughed and said, “You couldn’t even kill a dog!”

“I don’t kill dogs, but then you’re not a dog!” Ah Fei replied

There was no flash of light, because the bamboo sword didn’t reflect light.

But that bamboo sword could still kill – in Ah Fei’s hands it could kill!

Before that person could even finish laughing, the bamboo sword had already punctured his throat.

But now, the bamboo sword started to glisten.

It glistened with fresh blood!

A Judge’s Brush, Twin Hooks, a Nine-Ringed Sabre, and five other weapons shot out at Ah Fei with great force!

Two sharp sabres swung towards the sword in his hands.

Sun XiaoHong was slightly worried, she knew that Ah Fei’s battle experience wasn’t very great. He was always used to facing opponents one-on-one. Rarely was he ever attacked by a large group of assailants.

His sword was fast enough to deal with a single opponent, but was it fast enough to deal with so many at once?

Sun XiaoHong wanted to rush over to help him.

But before she could even move, she saw three people fall to the ground.

She could’ve sworn that the twin sabres had cut into the bamboo sword but for some reason Ah Fei wasn’t the one who fell to the ground!

Only the person wielding the Judge’s Brush knew the reason behind this.

His accupoint striking technique was always accurate, and it was always extremely forceful. Even he thought that he had landed a hit on Ah Fei.

But as soon as the brush in his hands was about to hit Ah Fei, he suddenly felt all his strength disappear.

The bamboo sword had already penetrated into his throat.

Ah Fei wasn’t that much faster than him, but he was faster by an instant.

But that single instant was all that it took.

Sun XiaoHong finally threw herself into the battle. Her body fluttered about like a graceful butterfly.

Among the female experts in the realm, there were many who were skilled in lightness and hidden projectiles, disciplines which required little skill and strength. It was very rare to see a female expert who had deep internal energy and powerful palm strikes.

Sun XiaoHong was not an exception.

Her hidden weapons were shot out extremely fast, but her movements were even faster. The positions of her steps were strange and complex, it made her almost impossible to catch.

She still believed that Ah Fei’s sword was only meant for attacking a single opponent and was inadequate for dealing with groups.

The way that Ah Fei used his sword was very unique. It was completely different from every school of swordsmanship.

Because his moves didn’t contain any slashes or strikes, only thrusts.

And thrusts could only thrust forward.

But for some reason Ah Fei was able to thrust in every direction, and he could thrust from any position!

His thrusts could originate from his chest, his legs, or even his ears!

He could thrust forward and back, and left or right!

Suddenly, a person rolled towards him from behind, as a flurry of blades flew out.

A ‘Ground-Riding Sabre’!

This sabre technique was extremely difficult to master, but if one was able to master it, its power was immeasurable.

But Ah Fei seemingly had eyes in the back of his head. He dodged a spear that shot towards him, and released a backhanded thrust from below his waist and struck the ‘Ground-Riding Sabre’ practitioner in the throat!

At that instant, another person flew out from behind the spear user. With a weapon in each hand, he unleashed a move called ‘Pushing Forth the Mountain’ towards Ah Fei. His moves were peculiar and his weapons were even more peculiar.

His weapons were a pair of ‘Phoenix Wing Golden Cudgels’.

This type of weaponry was extremely rare, the club was lined with spikes. Although one would normally push the clubs at an enemy, one could also lift and impale an enemy on its end at the same time.

Anyone unlucky enough to be struck by its attack would immediately be torn to pieces.

Ah Fei should have leapt backwards to avoid the attack.

But if he did, he would’ve lost the initiative and several other weapons might have taken his life!

Yet he couldn’t attack head-on either, the ‘Phoenix Wing Golden Cudgels’ would’ve ripped him apart.

This was obvious to any observer.

But just as it seemed that Ah Fei was at a lost over what to do, his body suddenly leapt up into the air.

Sun XiaoHong caught a glimpse of him in the corner of her eye and let out a silent gasp.

In that exact moment, Ah Fei’s sword thrusted downwards from his legs. The twin cudgels struck upwards at the same time.

*CHI*, the tip of his sword slid itself into his opponent’s throat.

The ‘Phoenix Wing Golden Cudgels’ were inches away from Ah Fei’s chest. But the person wielding them suddenly felt a strange sensation in his throat as he collapsed to the floor. Even with all his strength he couldn’t push the cudgels upwards another inch.

His eyeballs almost jumped out of their sockets as he felt himself losing all control over the muscles in his body. Everything from his legs down suddenly felt cold as feces and urine gushed out from his bowels. His legs buckled as he crumbled to the floor.

Only a terrified look of surprise remained on his face.

He just couldn’t believe that there existed such a swift and precise sword in this world.

But now, there was no way that he could deny it!

Suddenly, silence blanketed every direction, no one made another move.

Everyone just stared blankly at the gruesome death that befell the ‘Phoenix Wing Golden Cudgels’ expert. Everyone smelled the foul odor that emanated from his body.

Some people had the unstoppable urge to vomit when their stomachs started to turn.

But these people didn’t throw up because of the foul smell, rather they threw up because of fear. It was as if they had just discovered how horrifying and disgusting ‘death’ could be.

It wasn’t that they were afraid of death, it was just that dying in this manner was simply unbearable.

Ah Fei didn’t make another move either, he made his way out of the crowd of people.

There were nine of them left and all their eyes were focused on Ah Fei as we walked past them.
One of them suddenly bent down and threw up. Another one started to cry out loud. And yet another one fell to the ground as his body started to convulse.

One of them even turned and fled to the nearest toilet.

And how could Sun XiaoHong not want to vomit and cry also? Not only did her heart fill with fear, but sadness as well. She just couldn’t comprehend how human life could suddenly become so worthless and despicable.

Ah Fei simply walked forward, with sword in hand.

Drops of blood dripped down from the tip.

This sword not only could rob a person of his life, but also strip a person of his dignity.

The sword was really that ruthless!

But what about the swordsman?

A large door met him at the end of the path.

The door was shut tight. It was bound from the inside as well.

This was ShangGuan JinHong’s private quarters. He was waiting inside, as was Li XunHuan.

ShangGuan JinHong hadn’t come out yet, which must have meant that Li XunHuan hadn’t died yet either.

Sun XiaoHong was filled with glee as she rushed over to the front of the door.

But suddenly her entire body stiffened up!

The door was made of iron and at least a foot thick. No one in the entire world could ever knock it down.

And of course ShangGuan JinHong wouldn’t conveniently open the door from the inside either.

Sun XiaoHong suddenly started to feel dizzy, as if she had just stepped on air and was about to fall into a bottomless abyss!

She couldn’t stand up anymore as she collapsed onto the door and burst out in tears.

Her plan had been foiled. All of her efforts were completely wasted.

It would have been better if something had went wrong in the beginning. But to come so close and then having your hopes crushed was simply heart-wrenching.

This kind of disappointment was the most difficult kind to endure.

Ah Fei who had been standing quietly suddenly started to scream like a wild beast as he charged at full speed at the iron door.

He bounced off and fell to the floor as he hit the door. But Ah Fei suddenly got up again and thrust forward with his sword at the door with all his strength.

The bamboo sword snapped.

No sword in the world could have penetrated this iron door, much less a sword made out of bamboo!

